I can’t remember how I came across this but I’m so glad I did.
I’ve learnt so much, it’s felt like a friend in my pocket. 
India, if you’re reading this, thankyou so much. I can’t tell you how much I’ve enjoyed this.
This is a wonderful resource which I appreciate immensely. I trust the content and value the diverse perspectives and content.
Such an important and incredible series for all humans, menstruating and not.

I learnt so much about my own body and wish I had access to this information 30 years ago. 

Thank you for having the conversation and making an impact on generational conversations and sharing. 

I would dearly love a series on peri/menopause, another mysterious taboo for many of us.
Fantastic and informative podcast. Something every young girl should be given the opportunity to listen to.
If you have a uterus or know someone who does, listen to this whole mini series.. now!
For anyone who wants to learn more about the month of a menstruating person! I am a mid-thirties cis woman and I learned so much listening to this series. The BBC has gathered a wonderful, diverse group of experts to speak on all things menstruation. Time to break the shame ceiling on discussing this topic openly!
So good and harrowing at the same time.
What a fascinating and insightful podcast. So much I didn’t know and which I had earlier. This podcast is really helping me to understand why I feel as I do during perimenopause and educate my daughters too especially with the emotional effects each month. Congrats to everyone involved. I have shared many times!
Accurate, informative and enjoyable podcast that will help everyone who listens. Yes men allowed too!!
Well done to everyone involved and thank you.
Found this so informative and valuable to listen to in line with my cycle. My only criticism is that the music is at times sinister sounding and plays over quiet speech which I find distracting and an odd choice for the topic.
I come back to this podcast regularly, listening to an episode relevant to where I am in my own cycle. I listen to a lot of podcasts across a range of subjects- this is the one I return to and recommend the most. Absolutely brilliant.
Absolutely everyone needs to listen to this. So insightful and empowering
Amazing podcast - I’m nearly 40 and have massive gaps in my knowledge about my cycle and periods - this was fascinating to listen to, the short episodes were bite sized to take in the info (and I made a point synching up the episodes for curiosities sake as well!).
Thank you for making this incredible series - India, team & all contributors.  I grieve for the years of shame & pain connected to my menstrual cycle - & for the generations who suffered before us - but am so grateful for these conversations now.  There is power and healing in this work.  The shift will surely benefit menstruators now and in future - that gives me hope : ).  Thank you again.
Empowering, interesting and incredibly informative. As someone who has been sorely let down by health professionals over the years when asking for help with menstrual issues, much of this was validating, albeit a little heartbreaking. That said, I am very grateful for all the new insight and avenues to explore.
I am recommending this podcast to all the women I know! I wish I had known half of the things I’ve learned a long time ago.
Great podcast and so empowering for women but spoilt by a complete lack of northern voices (all are southern). Would be some much better if it represented women all around the country.
I wish I had this when I was a teenager. Absolutely fascinating, a real eye opener. I have a new found respect for my body, and it’s helped me understand my feelings and emotions on a monthly basis.
I am amazed at how ignorant I have been of my own body for 30 plus years.  It’s criminal.  This podcast is enlightening.  It has completely changed my perspective on periods, I’ve found it both educational and liberating.  I would recommend it to everyone!! I only wish that this sort of information and approach had been available when I was a teenager.  An absolute must of a listen.
Every episode is full of amazing information, all clearly supported by factual information. This should be in the national curriculum, can’t believe how little I know about my own body.
really good 👍,
I’m only 14 but i can say it’s amazing. Never thought there is SO much to know about  menstruation and bleeding and stuff! 

👏👏👍🩸
I’ve never felt motivated to rate a podcast before, but this one deserves it. Haven’t listened to all of it yet, but already love the format of short episodes for each day of the cycle.  Have learned a lot, wish I’d known these facts a long time ago. All women should listen to this!
My sister recommended the podcast last week and I have listened to all 28 episodes. Very interesting and informative. Based on episode 7, I made a dr appointment and now being referred to specialist.
It’s a great series and will encourage my daughter to listen too.
I’m blown away by the things I learned from this series. Incredibly produced and easy to digest but filled with so many important topics and empowering messages. Thanks to everyone who made this for brining this message to us!
Everyone should listen to this! So informative and enlightening, at 35 I am learning about things that up until now I had no idea about so THANK YOU
THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING PODCAST!
I am newly in awe of my body. Honesty this podcast just blows the doors off and tells you so many things are frankly incredible. Also means that you can recognise your own cycle more clearly, which is lovely. AND gives you the most astonishing insights into the history around female health, societal views on women’s bodies and the gap in medical understanding between male and female bodies. Omg please just listen to it.
Thank you so much for making this podcast. I keep recommending it to everyone. It is genuinely life changing. I never knew what I didn’t know! Magic, beautiful, inspiring, and so important!
I can’t stop telling everyone about this incredible podcast. Let’s normalise these conversations! Get listening, you will be amazed at how little you knew about the female body.
Fascinating, informative and thoroughly enjoyable. As a lady in my late 70s, I wish I had known this in my youth, congratulations on excellent work done and still being done for a healthier and happier future for women.
Really good informative podcast, I will definitely be sharing it with my 14-year-old daughter. Also, I absolutely loved the accompanying music 👌
Wish the episodes where longer! The music is unnerving in the background… over all it’s informative and interesting.
This podcast is amazing. I love the concept of using 28 episodes to explore the menstrual cycle. I have learned so much through these 28 episodes - far more than in the 30+ years of having had periods. India is fab, the guest experts are great and I loved hearing the diarists’ experiences of their cycles. This is essential listening.
Oh my god. So many things I didn’t know and I thought I was well informed!! India is amazing! Well done :)
Very well put together and brilliantly informative.  We need more of this!!!!
Every episode is amazing and educational!
Just brilliant and essential listening.
Revolutionary. They should play this in schools. Recommended to everyone I know. Feeling empowered and inspired.
Well done India!! This podcast is truly remarkable and so unbelievably needed. I’ve told anyone and everyone to listen!
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!
Mind blown. Mind forever changed.
Please make more!
I have SO enjoyed this podcast, learning about my menstrual cycle day by day, the details, what it’s all for and what it all means,  the empowerment… and I’m 44 years old. Shame (a word I will now not be associating with my periods), that it’s taken till now to have an actual idea about what’s going on during my cycle but how lucky to have come across this podcast. Thank you so much to India for her lovely delivery. I shall tell all my friends about it!
I’m sure I’m not the only one thinking this, but I definitely did not know that much about my body as a female and my cycle. So informative and interesting and also upsetting that we still have a long way to go in society and healthcare taking us more seriously. Thank you for making such a great podcast show.
This may well be a great podcats but what is the point in the bbc making some episodes show up here and even then not in the right order??? I had to go to my sounds app to locate it and try tow work out where to start! Either put the thing out there or keep it to yourselves you idiots, all you do is wind people up!
This podcast has came at a good time for me and is helping me appreciate and love my miraculous body and other women’s so much more! So interesting, I’ve not long got my coil out and the episode about contraception really has rung true for me about when it comes out and having the full cycle of hormones fully again. 
I feel very grateful for this podcast and all of the new appreciation I have for my body and the cycle :) thank you India :)
I have recommended it to a few people too :)
Full of fantastic information. I find the narrator’s childish voice difficult to listen to, but if you can get past that it’s fascinating
I’m a doctor and I have learnt so much from this. I love the personal stories, the artistic nature of the production and India is such a fab and encouraging host. It really reflect the magical, incredible and downright normal function of our fantastic bodies! I’ve listened non-stop.
I have just binge-listened to this podcast over 5 days because every episode was so interesting I couldn’t stop listening! Mind-blowing that so much of this information has not easily been available to women previously. Thank you India for putting this together, I plan on sharing it with all my friends and will be discussing my cycle with my boyfriend too!
I have shared it with everyone I know.
I keep on sharing different episodes with friends! Perfectly manageable length as well.
I happened upon this podcast and I haven’t been this hooked on a series in a long time. It is beautifully made and meticulously researched. I have recommended to everyone in my life, those with periods and without!
This podcast has taught me so much, I had no idea what our bodies go through each month. Everyone should listen!
Amazing sound design & easily digestible information on a topic that is so vital to those in female bodies and yet still sidelined.

Thank you for bringing this topic to the forefront & helping me fall in love with the fluidity of my cycle. 

Hannah
I happened upon this pod cast, coincidentally on the day following my ‘little girls’ very first period. She was 10 last month :-(  Because of her young age, I grappled with all sorts of emotions as a mother, mainly sympathy and commiseration.
This pod cast has helped me to understand and promote the positive values of our menstruation, all of which I will be drip feeding my daughter over time. 
Thanks
This podcast is so informative and everything I wished I’d been taught about my body and menstrual cycle at school. Essential listening and so easy to digest.
I’ve been learning so much from 28 Days Ish Later, and I thought I was already pretty clued up. The sound design is 👩🏻‍🍳👌🏼 but PLEASE next time, if you’re going to upload in one go, do it the other way around so they play through one after the other. Having to jump back into the app to select the next episode before it starts playing the one you’ve already listened to really disrupts the immersive feel of this podcast!
An interesting, surprising and soothing listen on a subject I know (knew) embarrassingly little about! 11 episodes in, and looking forward to the rest. Thank you India and team 👍
I truly loved listening to this series. The combination of hearing both experts and people like me was wonderful. Very informative and empowering! Thank you so much for making this podcast!
Menstruation is something that in different ways effects everyone, it's also something people don't talk about. India Rakusen leads us though the 28ish days in ways that are surprising, shocking and magical.
Delar denna till alla livmodersbärare jag känner! Så bra, lärorikt, inspirerande, fascinerande, supervälgjort och spännande. Blir glad av att förstå mer och mer om min kropp.
Really informative, easy to understand - each episode had something new to me that informed how I understand menstruation. I’m recommending it to everyone, all genders, all ages!
I’ve really been enjoying this podcast, and have learned so much. I appreciate how the episodes are brief but still give you great info. I’m much more empowered about my body!
This is a very well made podcast full of useful eye opening information. Highly recommend it for everyone, women, men, girls and boys.
Every woman, girl and menstruating person should listen to this. Wonderfully informative and beautifully presented. I learned so much from this podcast!
This is a fascinating podcast.  The music, though, is VERY intrusive. And hearing it over and over for 28 episodes…!
As a FAM educator, these are topics I cover with my clients and I’m always amazed at how little we know about our bodies. This is an incredibly well produced series on the cycle!
