title	review
Essential listening	I am 65, my first husband abused me in my 20s and 30s. After I escaped with my children I was diagnosed with complex post traumatic stress disorder. We talk about the trauma suffered by our defence force through war. What about all the women and other vulnerable people whose lives and potential is cut short? Every day. Every week. Ongoing. I love this podcast, I am ticking off those forms of abuse perpetrated against me by my husband, I am learning about other’s experience, I am in awe of women’s deep strength and resistance. Something’s gotta change in our country. This podcast is part of that change.
Extremely important and informative podcast	Thank you for making this, especially to all those who shared their stories. Very enlightening and urgent content.
A much needed podcast	A very important podcast to have out in the world. Thank you FW.
Lifechanging	This podcast answers all those nagging questions I have about ‘the boyfriend’, the creepy neighbour… and what to do and when.
Important, compelling and considered	Such an important conversation for Australia (and many parts of the world). Subject matter is dealt with sensitively and victims voices are paramount.
Thank You So Much For Creating This	Listening to this podcast could save yourself or a loved one. This podcast is an essential listen for absolutely everyone. The reality of domestic violence is very different to what most believe.
Time to learn	This helped me to learn and guide me on what to look for and how I may be able to assist my friends who are going thru similar situations mentioned here. It was not an easy listen but an honest one.  Thank you to all for this podcast and I wish you all well.
Essential listening to understand the lived experience of too many	Highly recommend this series as essential listening to understand the lived experience of too many. To break the cycle, we need compassion, education, and resources to flow to those who need it most. Thank you to those who shared their stories and to Tarang Chawla for holding space for them with such respect and compassion.
So incredibly important	I felt angry, sad, shocked and compelled to listen to these incredibly important stories.
Important	Incredibly important listen for everyone to listen to.
Me too	I am going through this at moment. I appreciate the all extra information provided in this podcast and can identify with the victims stories. They are hard to listen to but they are stories that must be told to call out family violence. Thank you to all involved in its making.
Navigating the Courts.	"Great first episode. Let’s not forget the lonely journey at times navigating your way through the complexities of the court system and the disappointments that ensue.

I have now listened up to  Jex, Ep. 7. I wish i cd review single episodes, all are very well put together.  Congrats on a powerful series."
Thanks for the education	I appreciate the help to understand the different types of violence and how victims and survivors cope or don't. HC's recent media exposure drew me here.
Nell D64	"This opened my eyes about DV in multi cultural Australia. The sensitivities and the cultural shame it  brings to their communities.
I myself was exposed to DV during my childhood in the 60’s and 70’s but as white person in a white community, that was hideous enough.
These women are brave and I applaud you all for your courage.
Thank you for breaking the barrier of shame and  addressing the ever growing elephant in the room.
Brilliant, empowering, passionate and necessary"
Brave stories that need to be heard	"Each episode is an insight to the horrible trauma so many people are being plunged into each day.  It is a must listen and subscribe podcast of truth and awareness. 
Thank you for keeping these conversations going."
Shining a light	These stories need to come out into the light so we can solve the problems. Kudos to everyone already working in this space. Time for more resourcing for early intervention, more affordable housing, better income support, and a more evidence based community understanding about abuse, it’s impacts and what we need to do.
Hmmm Want to like… But, wow…	"Firstly, strangulation is *NOT* choking. Choking is *NOT* strangulation. Tarang, if you’re going to presume to “explain” Domestic Assault/Gendered Based Violence to an audience of (majority) women, *PLEASE* at least get these important terms correct!!! 🤦🏻‍♀️

I really want to like this podcast, as I can see that they’re trying to put coercive control into the spotlight. However… having a man (yes I *do* know of Tarang’s  *SISTER’S* tragic story), and I guess that’s the point - In a space where *WONEN* should be shouting their stories and experiences- we have a man, um “mansplaining” (very slowly… like we need it dumbed down) domestic abuse to us. 

 If you listen carefully to the episodes, there is a lot of time where women could just talk. Or an expert on Domestic Abuse could be interviewed… and yet… we just get chunks of “mansplaining”.

This programme could’ve been edited in a way that women really were “The centre of their own stories”…"
Learning the language of abuse is so important	It’s great to hear these stories, get the message out to help us all understand the abuse that happens too often in our intimate relationships. As I think Chloe McCardel put it, learning the language of abuse is the first step in making sense of what is happening so we can take effective action to prevent it
I’m just another victim	This podcast is way too familiar. I wish I knew how to stop it happening to others
Eye opening	"I was listening to the podcast about Laura
and I felt like someone finally got what I went
through/going through. My last relationship
was traumatic without any physical mark and
for the longest time I felt like nobody
understood or i felt like I was playing the
victim if I talked about it. I had very similar
experience about reporting to police after he
tried to break into my home; I had been too
scared to break up and when I finally did, I
blocked him off everything and he continued
stalking me at home and also at my
workplace. It was triggering listening to the
podcast. One time I was really scared that he
was gonna kill us both in a car accident. He
also threatened to suicide and send videos of
him self harming himself after I had decided
to break up. It has been a month since we
have broken up and he still texts me through
different accounts. I had to block 30 different
accounts and it still is ongoing. I also feel
very scared that something very bad will
happen since it's only been a month since we"
G Bilston	Thank you for sharing these insights and experiences in such a powerful and respectful way 💟
The best resource I’ve found for my teenagers.	Eye opening, first hand experiences for my daughters to learn and understand what coercive control can look like as they navigate their way from adolescence to early adulthood. This is invaluable. Thank you!
Be Still, Learning the Art of Listening.	So hard to listen to for its so raw and real. I don’t think there is anyone out there that cannot take something from this if they are prepared to listen. Even if it’s only 1 minute at a time. I am so grateful for the collation of these stories, I am so deeply sorry that this had to be collated, but it’s real. Future Women, I truly respect your purpose and your work towards it. Thank you.
Powerful and important listening	Thank you to the survivors for their bravery and to Future Women for this incredibly important podcast
Share this with everyone you know	A long overdue conversation that, if we as a nation have it, will save the lives of women and children.
Thank you.	Podcasts like this shouldn’t exist but the country is in a state of emergency. Thank you to FW, the victim-survivors and experts for showing up and doing the work. We are holding you up.
Exceptional	This is a podcast that puts the spotlight where it should be - on the stories of survivors of domestic and family violence.
There’s No Place Like Home - A Must Listen!	These are the stories that matter and have to be listened to. Remarkable women telling their stories. Thank you Tarang Chawla and to all the survivors for sharing their experiences. This will be a “must listen” pod for everyone - it is too important not to. Bravo Future Women for producing this series. ❤️
Must listen	Thank you to the victim-survivors who shared their stories. Story telling is the most powerful way to create change. Supported by experts and the latest research and Australian data. Both deeply harrowing and immensely hopeful. Must listen.
Powerful, real storytelling	I have chills listening to just the trailers. Such a powerful project sharing the voices of victim-survivors.
A well needed podcast	An incredibly difficult topic that I’m sure Future Women will handle with the utmost care
Future Women - mature, respectful, important	This is such a brilliant initiative from a wonderful organization, helmed by women of strength and experience. They aren’t afraid to tackle the tough subjects and it’s to their absolute credit how well they do it, with maturity and resolve. This is how we change the world
Important stories	These are really important stories from voices not always heard. Confronting at times, but so helpful for those of us who want to understand how we can end abuse, violence and worse in the home.
Fantastic	So brilliantly done. Can’t wait to listen every week.
National Emergency	How will we reach those other than the converted?
A must listen	Such an important topic, this is a privilege to listen too. One of the small things we can do to support victim-survivors is to listen to their stories.
Bravo	Bravo on leading this conversation the way you are. And thank you.
The more stories we hear the more we are able to share	"I am in awe of the strength of Women to share their stories & heartbroken with what they say.
‘This is how a movement starts….people talking’"
Important info	Looking fwd to hearing the series- important issues which need to be highlighted and spoken about.
Empowering Women to understand Domestic Violence	The only way to educate Women on DV , is to get podcasts like this out there ! Especially powerful when listening to DV survivors and their families ! I look forward to the first episode and sharing with my clients and their families in Therapy !
Can’t wait to hear this ❤️	What an incredible team behind the scenes and behind the microphone on this podcast! I can’t wait to hear how Future Women tackles the crisis of domestic and family violence and tells the stories of survivors.
Groundbreaking, beautiful and so necessary.	This podcast has listened to the voices that are so often excluded in the narrative around DV - the survivors themselves. The commitment to sharing real and diverse stories is fantastic. Cannot wait to tune in every week.
