"Sorry but as soon as Nancy Updike decided to interject that she ‘didn’t know how people who live in a country with a functioning healthcare system’ I started to lose interest.  So, if you embrace that line of thinking ( and that all healthcare should be free) you will at least feel right at home.  Episode 1 is somewhat interesting if you like hearing about people who can’t think for themselves but then Episode 2 quickly degenerates into a story about truly unlikeable (and perhaps not believable) Rachel.  Ten minutes into the second episode I had enough and shut it off.  Don’t waste your time."
"Seems the writers/podcasters/journalists have a hard time staying neutral when telling these stories. Narratives are obviously clear. Very lopsided; it’s disappointing."
"If you seek unbiased or fact-based reporting, “Nice White Parents” is not for you. If you want a hate piece targeting white people, then enjoy this misleading propaganda. This podcast spews a slanted viewpoint that white parents are everything, and the only things, wrong with NYC schools. Whether they enroll their kids, fail to enroll them, run the PTA or merely participate — it is all criticized as the narrator tries to prove her prejudiced point of view. This self-proclaimed “reporter” admits in episode 5 that she ignored evidence of white parents working on yet another integration plan because she decided, without any investigation, that their effort was inadequate and uninformed. All the while she criticizes every move white parents make, she refuses to criticize the POC who wrongly accuse the white PTA parents of stealing money. She neither acknowledged the fact that the non white students clearly don’t want the white students present nor criticized their blatant racism. And while belittling the participating white PTA parents (sole reason: their participation numbers are higher than nonwhite participants), she gives a free pass to the non-white parents who chose not to participate. She never asked why aren’t the minority parents more involved. Instead, she apportions all the fault of the NY school inequality to white parents — and only white parents — while inadequately trying to prove that everything white parents do is wrong. I listened because Sarah Koenig’s name is attached. I am embarrassed that she put her name on such poorly reported project. I expected more from Sarah. Her credibility has taken a hit by this lackluster race-baiting piece. The narrator here only researched, or only included, facts and opinions that support her desired story-outcome. She did not diligently follow facts; she selectively sought ones that aligned with the woke, white-shaming picture she sought to paint. This is only half a story and it was told with the sole purpose of making an anti-white propaganda statement. This was a shameful and gross misuse of this formerly-reputable platform. I’d give negative stars if possible."
"When will you do a propaganda show on those who are vaccinated and died??"
"Stop insulting us with this Covid propaganda."
"Season 1 was good so I figured I’d enjoy the most recent episodes. Seems they’ve now got an agenda to push…not interested in the spin."
"Season 1 was fantastic. Further seasons seem solely invested in pushing a political agenda. I’m out."
"Season 1 of Serial was the first podcast I ever listened to and opened the door to the podcasting world. A stoned liberal at the time with little to no critical thinking skills, I wholeheartedly bought the notion that perhaps Adnan was innocent. I relistened to season 1 recently and concluded that yea, he totally did it and the podcast gives Adnan the benefit of EVERY doubt pointing to racism and xenophobia as the reasons why our justice system could possibly find him guilty. I certainly don’t know what really happened, but I know Adnan is a liar or at least he’s a half liar with an awful spotty memory. 
Season 2 was ok, but boring. Bergdahl was painted a bit too rosey in my opinion. 
I couldn’t get past episode one with season 3 out of sheer boredom and disinterest in swallowing anymore propaganda, so I can’t fairly comment. Based on the comments I’m reading, don’t waste your time unless you can believe the hogwash information coming from media concerning Covid the last couple of years. I’m not even a dyed in the wool Republican, but trash like what this podcast and others adjacent like it (NYT, NPR, etc) are dishing out is pushing me more and more towards conservatism."
"More than 70% of your stories were defending Adnan. Even though he’s lying about where he was at at the day of murder. It doesn’t make sense too he gave his car and PERSONAL mobile phone to Jay on that day. They are only a classmate not a  friend. Those are really big flags. This is a simple case nothing complicated. I feel sad on Hae’s family. You put Adnan as a hero and a victim. You are a mother, think about a bad karma to your family, kid and yourself!"
"Two anti vaxxers died of COVID."
"Nuff said"
"Not adequate trigger warnings prior to discussing disturbing abuse content"
"The show has interesting content, the ads and pimping for money became tiresome quickly.
Hard pass"
"Must be the most boring and monotonous podcast I’ve listened to in quite some time. Do not listen to this while driving!"
"The first season of serial was truly a transcendent high art experience. To this day I encourage people to listen and I enjoy thinking back on the case (I am firmly in the guilty camp). I was really disappointed when I tried out this season and immediately discovered it was about fringe COVID vax conspiracists. Highlighting COVID kooks is just such poor taste right now. After everything we’ve gone through we ought to be going out of our way to be gracious to people for being crazy during that period. Lord knows the self appointed vax police were just as cringeworthy. I’ll give you guys one more shot to pick a great topic but after that I’m out. S-Town was fantastic btw."
"I am so grateful to scroll through these reviews and see that many many others are calling out the absolute trash that is “We were three”. What a joke. The lengths that this story goes to propagate and prop up the COVId narrative is nauseating. I feel for Rachel and both Peters but how their tragic story is used here to milk, once again, so many of the old stand by tropes is sad. No evidence for Ivermectin? Seriously? It’s 2022 folks… and not a mention (again it’s the end of 2022) of the absolute irrelevance of 
Vaccines when it comes to COVId outcomes. I stopped listening to NPR and reading the NYT a long time ago… saw a new season of Serial and thought… maybe this will be good.
 Never Again."
"I can’t even listen to We Were Three. I sure hope they come out with an update to apologize and correct their blatantly false statements. Remdesivir kills people. We KNOW that now. Ivermectin DOES work. We know that now. The vaccine DOES shed. The vaccine DOES NOT stop anything. I am soooo disappointed in this."
"Brought to you by PFIZER!"
"Listening to episode 1 of We Were Three. I’m struggling with why this is a podcast. Is there something dramatic that happens? Is this just Covid propaganda, ensuring the general public the unvaccinated conspiracy theorists are crazy? I am waiting for something to happen. Rachel has clearly faced serious hardship and loss, it’s a terrible thing to lose family members in such a short amount of time. Serial, I expected more. There has to be better stories than this."
"The last few episodes we were three are very redundant and boring."
"Rachel clearly has issues and Serial gave her an outlet to air her family’s dirty laundry. I don’t know these people, and I was given no reason to care. The podcast was not as advertised and quickly went off the rails. The interviewer had zero control over the direction of this podcast. It is a train wreck."
"I honestly got 1/2 way through the 2nd episode and thought why on earth am I listening to this?! It comes across as a therapy session and I don’t understand the point at all."
"Lots of incorrect statements in the child-like little Covid story. Anyone who understands p-value and methodology in scientific research gets this. I absolutely cannot believe people are still swayed by this propaganda. I can’t even tell if the writers intentionally aim for fantasy or if their ever-so-smooth brains believe the hot garbage they’re spewing. It’s just nauseating."
"Just talks bad about white people not worth listening to"
"...characters in the most propaganda-rich serial ever created this side of the covid regime. Man, it is CRINGE!!!

I already wrote a review but forgot to mention that We Were 3 Melodramatic Morons is a fiction piece, which is never explicitly stated and, even though it’s kinda obvious that it’s low-brow literature, some people won’t be wise to that."
"He had motive, no alibi, and wrote that he was gonna kill her. His friend led police to the body. His phone records put him there. 20 years later, not finding his DNA on her dress shoes (that were in her car) means NOTHING. The woman who brought this story to Sarah Koenig is Adnan’s friend. Of course she thinks he’s innocent. A prosecutor, judge, and jury found this monster guilty. Don’t you think they probably know more than all of us do about the case? I feel bad for the family of the victim."
"Listened to Season One a few years ago and thought maybe I’d enjoy Season Three, I was very wrong. What was originally a true crime podcast has turned into leftist propaganda aimed at trashing the police. She claims to be so amazing for getting the opinion of someone who calls himself a conservative and then she doesn’t even air what he said and calls him a racist more than once. Journalism is about providing the facts and letting the audience make up their own opinions, not providing your own opinions and telling the audience what to think. How disappointing."
"Rachel sounds like a perpetual victim. The story rambles. Hard to even understand what the point of the series is. Abuse? COVID? Relationship issues? Having kids too young? The whole thing was a waste of time. Rachel’s time would have been better spent in therapy."
"If you actually look into this a little you find that these “ tolerant and caring” religious people was running these schools like they where in Saudi Arabia. That is all fine as long as your not a female. 
But hey, if your a male who likes little girls to shut up and know their place then of course it is all about the letter stupid."
"We were there was dreadfully boring and filled with propaganda. So tired of everything the NYT puts out to convince people to hate, to grip tightly the establishments one and only narrative, and the suggestion anyone off the mainstream narrative is a bumbling idiot. Please don’t fall for this. You’re either aware of the programming, or you’re programmed."
"I was truly impressed with the first couple of seasons of serial! Sarah did a great job diving into and researching those cases. However, these last few episodes “We were three” lost all credibility when it reported about Covid and the treatments for Covid and the comments made about those drug treatments. Yet, the reporter didn’t state a single fact, didn’t reference a single study done regarding these treatments, didn’t reference any studies done on vaccines, or anything medical findings in relation to proof of statement they were making about Covid treatments! It’s sad to see the New York Times is still stuck on one side and not able to look at all the evidence before reporting on important subjects like Covid. I have a book I can refer you to if you’d like that is full of pages and pages and pages of numbers, studies, that prove your podcast had many inaccuracies! I truly hope Serial gets back to doing what it does best which is reporting and telling stories about those wrongfully convicted and explaining these mysterious criminal cases!"
"We were three is terrible. Don’t bother, it’s boring and pointless. Such a shame because previous seasons were intriguing."
"Covid scare tactics. 

Deleted."
"I’ve listened to all of Serial’s series. While the storytelling is as good as ever, the quality of the stories they present has really dropped off. The “Trojan Horse Affair” felt like a very long winded way to say “We didn’t really find any smoking guns, but we think some people might be racist”. Is there supposed to be a point to “We Were Three” beyond a human interest story?"
"Season 1 was fantastic. Unfortunately though, this podcast has gone radically left in the years since. Season 3 was literally cringe. Unsubscribed."
"My eyes are opened to the mid-information this channel implies.  Your brother did not die from Covid.  The virus was gone after 7 days. He died from the side effects of Covid and that is due to his own neglect for his health. It sounds like the Covid cause a reaction in his lungs and gave him issues. And since he felt he did not have health insurance or money to be treated, he's at the lung condition gone too long.  I agree that Resdemevir had a high rate of killing him. And yes look it up, the hospitals did get a bonus for patients that were put on a respirator or ventilator. Too much bad information here. You will have to do an update since more and more is coming out that most of what you put here is implied misinformation. I am very disappointed that this channel has gone in this direction. I enjoy a few of your other stories but now I will listen with suspicion.  You are not a true story outlet."
"The We Were Three podcast may be one of the most boring and pointless podcasts I’ve ever listened to. There was absolutely nothing interesting about this story and I’m perplexed as to why anyone thought this family would be a good subject for a three episode long podcast. Especially coming from Serial as it’s earlier seasons are some of my favorite podcasts ever. But this latest season is a huge and disappointing miss."
"Media and Leadership are responsible for pinning this family apart just as they did with the entire world. Unvaccinated were punished even called racist and some forced to take it to only be left with long term side side effects and even deaths. Only to find out the vaccine was never tested for transmission. In other words stopping you from giving Covid to others!! So what the authorities told us about stopping the spread with a jab, was a lie. So many responsible from Crimes against Humanity. There is a huge story for you!"
"This podcast was good for one season & now it’s just liberal propaganda. Skip this if you have a brain."
"Someone please explain this podcast to me I don’t understand how you could have so many feelings for a father who treated you so poorly and a brother who was so ignorant.   How do you blame a house for your brother not still being alive when he is the one who spread the lies that ultimately killed your father and yet your father was not smart enough to overcome those lies?  Your brother was so obviously mentally ill and did not get help for it so who’s fault is that your father‘s or his?  Serial it’s not made a good podcast since S town."
"I was hoping it would get better so I kept listening but I just wasted 3 hours of my life. My fault for giving it a chance."
"It was a bait and switch from the premise and the family in this story is horrible. Especially Rachel. And the narrator tries to blame the country for the family’s problems when they were all their own making!"
"I have enjoyed Serial but what was the point of this. What a waste of energy, at least I multitasked so I didn’t totally waste the time but I have less brain cells after listening to this season."
"Season three.. are you kidding me? A podcast about covid.. 🙄 this is ridiculous. Deleting this. Not everyone died from covid! Some did! Stop spreading more fear! This podcast is gross!"
"Boring. Sheltered kid programming."
"Way too liberal for me. You'd think that a podcast could steer away from leaning one way or the other."
"This is a complete far left attempt to promote vaccines and medications that killed thousands. I am sorry for the loss of Rachel’s family members but this is a pathetic attempt to push vaccines and Remdesivir. How about a story on vaccine injuries or how much hospitals get paid bonus for putting people on vents or better yet people that die from covid. WAKE UP!"
"The title says it all. Take a listen and you’ll see the leftist woke B. S. they spew. China loving communist."
"The fact serial never updated any aspect of season 1 until Adnand’s release is gross. So much of what was critical to the narrative presented in season 1 has since been debunked (see cellphone records) and there were major holes in what was covered. It’s one thing if you never go back and add disclaimers or updates to the original show. But to release an update episode covering adnand’s release without addressing any of the original shortcomings or failures is aggravating. Serial had nothing to do with his release, it actually did him no favors. Sarah presents herself as a journalist, but I think it’s obvious in hindsight that the original season was presented with intentional ambiguity to engage listeners.
Plus season 2 was BORING and season 3 was even worse. I give serial no credit for season 4, that was an NYT project done by actual journalists and I listened to it in its own feed because I refuse to give this feed my listens. Sarah, you are the worst. Please don’t make any more podcasts."
"Sarah Koening had a lady boner and told a story with less than complete or impartial reporting."
"There’s no way he didn’t do it.. he needs to be put back in prison where he belongs"
"Absolute one sided garbage. Completely misrepresented the evidence. Absolutely cringy how far she’ll take a murderer’s side and twist/ omit the evidence. 

The cell phone tower piece infuriates me. Cross reference these claims, if anyone is lucky enough to read this review."
"This podcast is so far left leaning you probably have grass stains on the left side of your head.  The reason the story jumps around on the top Eli e is because it’s obvious he did it if you don’t.  I guess this podcaster would make a good defense attorney, convincing some idiots that this guy is innocent."
"Tuned in for the latest 2022 episode. Sarah gets to the part about phone records, which is the main topic that people debate about this case, and she tells us that she’s not going to bore us with the details… swing and a miss…"
"It is insanely obvious that Adnan did it. Justice for HML -poor girl lost her life. No clue why anyone thinks he didn’t do it because he did. If he stays out of jail will he do it again?"
"This is a moral obligation and a responsibility for all who thought it fine to enjoy the pleasure of “crime tourism” and did sordid did he or didn’t he parlor games, and as long as the storyteller had an npr nyt stamp of approval—it is important for Koenig to bear her share of responsibility for unfair burdens associated with this story"
"Congrats on helping get a murder out of jail. I have zero faith in humanity if you listen to this whole thing and think he didn’t do it. He doesn’t recall where he was the day of the murder?!… except EVERYONE else remembers where they were? Including the guy who helped him bury the body? You must have let his charm get to you, which is insanely alarming. I “would have done this, I would have done that”… yeah you would have but you didn’t bc you were too busy getting high with a drug dealer and murdering someone. Completely insane that people can listen to this an every remotely doubt if this kid killed her or not. What other guilty murderers are you going to free from jail next? Never listening to this podcast again. Giving this garbage your attention clearly only has bad outcomes."
"Shame, shame shame 
#adnansyed"
"Adnan did it. He killed her. And now he’s out. What a disgrace. Terrible for the victim’s family"
"Please get rid of “The New York Times” commercial during your podcast. It has a startling apple alarm
sound during your podcast that disrupts any relaxing or listening pleasure. I cannot stand to endure a decent story because of it. I shall move on to another podcast, unfortunately."
"Hey! You helped free a killer! Next step must be making him a millionaire at the expense of the taxpayers of Maryland. Looking forward to the “Jussie was telling truth” season. Also, it’s interesting to see where Asian women land on the progressive stack. Just above nice white parents clearly."
"I was going to give this podcast another listen, but after watching Rabia O’Chaudry put in REAL work to help Adnan’s case and the team of Seriel ignore new information and not correct themselves, I can no longer remain quiet. I suggest everyone take a listen to Undisclosed for a clearer more truthful version of the case. Shame on Sarah and Ira."
"Was a revolutionary podcast, not blaming NPR totally on this but the overall political situation was not some “random” email. This was a well coordinated piece aimed to play on the publics emotions by a barely active “immigration attorney” who is a great political strategist in Rabia Chaudry. Rabia is obviously in love with Adnan and she has gotten an obviously guilty man free’d from prison, maybe there’s some poetic love story in there that will make for a great podcast but until then,

I feel gross for participating."
"Why why why?!??!
Please put these Episodes in ORDER so they can be listened to correctly instead of back and forth trying to remember where you left off and which episode is next!!!"
"The history doesn’t follow a timeline and the audio from calls are horrible specially with the background music. I wanted to learn about the case but can’t pass the first 10 min."
"Fantastic first season - basically began the entire generation of true crime investigative podcasts. Then went down the typical “everybody is racist, no one is culpable for anything they do because of racism”. In a time when there are literal Muslim grooming gangs operating in the UK (a story they wouldn’t dare touch), they choose to focus on woke garbage. This is what is to be expected by any product put out by PRI (Propaganda Radio International)."
"There are better podcasts out there. Season 1 is entertaining but Seasons 2&3 are pretty boring."
"While I thought the host was well spoken and easy to listen to, I’m sorry I wasted my time on this podcast. Season one was a huge disappointment, I don’t see the point of continuing with anymore seasons."
"This podcast USED to be great but how they have fallen! Go figure that of all outrageous stories they could have reported on they had to go with the one about racism. I don’t for the life of me understand why media (which is the left’s talking puppet on tv and radio) is so OBSESSED with racism. It truly has become a Snipe or witch hunt with them only this hunt has financial profits instead of laughing kids and tree decorations. This is a TERRIBLE PODCAST that lacks all entertainment value!!"
"The first two seasons are amazing. The deep dive of the first season, the nuanced new take on a story that had been heavily but shallowly covered by media in the second.

Then the third season came around. It opens with an anecdote about a woman blaring music on a speaker in a courthouse elevator. The lawyers and courthouse workers in the elevator were judgmental. Why would anyone be judgmental of someone with a complete lack of social awareness being obnoxious? The narrator gives us the reason: racism. This is the depth of critical thinking for the next two seasons. Why does the criminal justice system favor people with money and influence? Racism. Why do wealthy people take an interest and get involved in their children’s education? Racism.

It’s tiring. The first two seasons were great because they looked at the stories from different angles. Bergdahl was demonized by the press as a uniquely cowardly traitor, the reality was more complex involving hundreds of awol troops, untreated mental illness, and a military desperate enough for numbers it would look the other way. Adnan was a convicted murderer, case closed, but there was ambiguity and uncertainty in the evidence. Season 3 and 4: No complexity or nuance is worth exploring apparently. Serial’s solved the case, it’s racism and the racists who are racistly racisming everywhere."
"All brining, no new information. I’m so incredibly disappointed it’s crazy. I don’t know how anyone liked it."
"The podcast is titles, “serial” but it’s about one-off false arrests and whatnot. This doesn’t cover serial killers in the slightest…."
"These podcasts are a waste of time. Nothing is revealed or uncovered. So drug out. Retweet chefboyRG"
"Previously i'd have rated this series 5 stars, but the latest series, ""The Trojan Horse Affair"" has irreparably damaged the brand.

Typical of their generation, these two millenial wannabe investigatve reporters are more interested in talking about themselves and how their topic makes them feel than doing any investigation or revealing any new information. The result is an entirely predictable and avoidable unprofessional mess.

Prior to this series, Serial was an auto-download for me. Knowing that the bar has been lowered so much means I'll be making space on my download list for a different investigative pod."
"Sick of NPR and NY Times? Want a great podcast alternative that also has a real sense of humor? Try the Podcasts of the Daily Wire. I used to listen to NPR religiously… until it started thinking of itself as a religion. Matt Walsh is hysterical and always waiting for what he’ll come up with next. Move over propaganda made for dummies."
"Trojan horse podcast stunk."
"Miss you Sara. Nobody tells a story like you do. These guys are ok…. But hard to become invested in the story with the monotone voices.  And just as a side note, the Indian reporter/former doctor has an intonation in his speech that makes it incredibly hard to hear and follow what he is saying in real time…. It’s like walking on a beach with a friend. And the friend in front of you is talking and turns her head back towards you every so often. So you hear a lot of mumbling, then a few clear words. Sara it’s maddening. Coach this poor dude.  Or he will tank in podcasting."
"I had never heard of this scandal before, but hung in there hoping for a resolution. When there was no conclusion, I had to ask why did they drag it out so long? They should have made it 1 or 2 episodes or scrapped it."
"These podcasts are a waste of time. Nothing is revealed. Nothing is uncovered. Nothing is resolved. And hours later you are left with the same information you had going in. They like to hear themselves talk and accomplish nothing."
"This was the first podcast I listened to via a glowing recommendation from a friend. I binge listened and finished within a few days! I listened every moment I could (even if just for a few minutes while on a break from meetings) and felt almost like an addict craving my next fix!! Then it was over. I am so disappointed with the difference between season 1’s unbiased telling of the facts and future seasons. There’s a clear agenda being spewed. I truly enjoyed listening but I’m done. You knocked the 1st season out of the park - shame you’ve gone off the rails."
"The first couple seasons were great, unbiased journalism that really did a good job at presenting the facts and allowing people to draw their own conclusions. Unfortunately, the latest Trojan Horse Affair season (and even the 2 prior seasons), is far from that. Instead, we have to listen to a Muslim journalist who is clearly biased towards his point of view (he even kind of admits it in the show, so I guess that makes it ok?). He jumps to a conclusion before working on the podcast, and then spends the whole podcast searching for witnesses that fit his agenda, while merely brushing aside facts he comes across that are a pretty big deal for the other side, such as the extreme cases of sexism that were present in a public school. He spins everything as “well, the school is predominantly Muslim, so that makes it OK” or “yeah, so a teacher taught students that wifes cannot deny husbands sex, and that same teacher also got jail time for having an affair with a student, but that’s not extremism and the real issue is blah blah blah. I wish Serial would go back to neutral journalism, because the stuff they are coming out with now makes me want to vomit."
"I had to the school work on this"
"I would have loved to have this presented with a voice from which one couldn’t decipher the reporters own political stance.  The difference between commentary vs unbiased reporting is made clear.  If you’re interested in an opinion piece, subscribe here!"
"Honestly, I was so excited for this podcast.  Serial and S Town were 2 of my favorites.  I kept waiting for this to get good. A friend bagged it after 2 episodes and I wish I had. The story is important to tell but the hype of this podcast was way too much for what it delivered.  I hate to say this because I know they worked hard, but I feel like I have to save other people from using their time to listen to this waiting for it to get really exciting."
"Please go back to stories like season 1 and 2. This Trojan Horse season is sooo bad. :("
"Wow. Just blatantly putting it out there now that you don’t need to be just report on the facts if you are at all being hurt by the information in some way. Just wow. At least you are up front about it?? This is a complex issue and it would be nice if it was treated as such, showing the many sides and complexities. It’s unfortunate this podcast took this turn."
"Wowza. I loved season 1. Season was okay, but not my favorite. This current season is frustrating. It’s hard to keep an open mind to hearing both sides when the reporters are clearly so biased and are actually yelling at the interview subjects who don’t agree with them. Disappointing for what was such a great show in the beginning."
"Yet another podcast about local power and identity politics from Serial? Sarah Koenig and company are a one trick pony. Disappointed to be getting just another stale variation of the same story from Serial in which the same tired themes are discussed, and I don’t care about the subjects/characters. 

Adnan Syed’s, Bo Bergdahl’s story, and even (because let’s be honest, it was a Serial podcast) John McLemore were unique people with unique stories, that I cared about - and yes, all three had a political angle, but it wasn’t the sole focus, it was a backdrop. Nice white parents? The Cleveland court system? The one about North Carolina? This new one? I wasn’t invested and found them utterly forgettable. 

Characters, intrigue, and a focus that is not entirely about social justice issues - that’s what I want. Focusing on institutions at the expense of plot is not a recipe for success."
"An interesting and complex story ruined by bias and dismissal of sexism. This is a persuasive piece with a clear agenda, not valid investigative journalism. To be clear, I don’t disagree with the agenda to bring a light to, condemn, and reverse islamophobic impacts of the letter. But the clear bias and lack of empathy given to concerns of sexism and abuse of girls weakens their stance significantly. This could have been a complex, thoughtful discussion of a complicated issue. It wasn’t. The Guardian’s Sonia Sodha wrote a piece that summarizes my thoughts exactly. 
I hope Serial does better in the future."
"Season 1 about Adnan was phenomenal.  Season 2 about Beau was okay.  Since then it's been way downhill.  What started as unbiased great story-telling, investigative reporting, and intriguing stories has turned into clearly one-sided bias reporting, boring stories, and poor 'reporting' overall.  Incredible disappointing."
"Historically this has been one of my favorite podcast to listen to. I really enjoyed the first couple of seasons and find myself looking forward to the next one. However this latest season I have to say is not only very boring, but very confusing. The quality of the story and how it’s been told has diminished greatly. So I will turn this one off for a while and wait for the next season hoping that they will come up with something better."
"White people are to blame for our problems. Even if they are trying to help. Garbage."
"Season 1 is good. The rest is horrendous. And honestly.. Election fraud? You want to talk about election fraud? “Democrats like to talk about this town” in NC “because a republican did it”... “republicans don’t because a republican did it”. I’m sorry - but this is happening in the state of GA and with the recent election BY DEMOCRATS but democrats aren’t talking about it - they aren’t talking about any MAJOR issues happening in our country right now with the current administration. Wake up people. The mainstream media is playing everyone like a puppet. This is ridiculous."
"Haven’t listened to Serial since season 1, which was very well done, and decided to give the latest season, The Trojan Horse Affair, a listen. What a disappointment. The two reporters could not be more condescending, sexist and dismissive to interviewees and just in general when talking on certain subjects. It feels like the entire story is being reported and pushed in a way that will affirm the pet theories and beliefs of the “investigative reporters.” Huge disappointment, because the story is an interesting one that deserved more and deeper attention, and the concept of telling that story around the letter is a great idea. But ultimately the story needs and deserves better, more capable, more objective reporters."
"What happened after the first season it’s horrible now"
"Season 1 was good, but the woke took over.  Bummer…"
"Loved Serial Season 1. Two and three were weak; this is awful. First, the narrator (and really she talks a lot, rather than letting her subjects tell a story) has a voice meant for print. Really - as if she were raised in Wisconsin and then moved to Brooklyn at age 22. Just brutal. Second, despite her own protests about bias - this was a silly. She is quick to dismiss actual voter problems as minor (both at the nursing home and another violation two years later), finding all kinds of nuance among sides she supports, and then paints with a broad brush against “Republicans” or “White people.” The gross elements of her being a truth teller by going into a community of color and being the righteous sympathetic judge is really too gross to be taken seriously. It is as if she just discovered that communities of color have diversity/heterogeneity/nuance. This was a massive waste of time, painful to hear, and simply appalling to listen to."
"I don’t understand. I’m listen to podcast most of my day. All sorts, and a lot being similar in genre. First season of Serial was AMAZING. And like everyone knows, season 2 fell on its face. I thought, hey new season, I’ll give it another shot and listen to the first episode. Again, horribly boring. Like seriously, a story about a letter? That’s the best thing you could pour resources into? I don’t ever write reviews but I felt obligated. What you are doing is not good. Do better. I want to give you a donation but just can’t get myself to do it."
"Season 1-3 were so engaging and only a little bit biased. Everything after that was just short of an ear infection."
"Wanted to enjoy this. Love a long mystery and this worthy topic. Losing me on ep 5 for soooo many reasons. Holey, amateur, weak."
"Awful"
"Where is Sara ? Please return her"
"I miss Sarah’s narrating - can’t listen to Zoe, obvs a talented host but the voice just doesn’t work for me."
"#AdnanDidIt"
"Great content but I can’t listen to Zoe Chace.  Some voices are best expressed behind the microphone.  She is obviously very talented, but not with her voice."
"An uncompelling narrative of a biased investigation."
"Serial season 1 & 2. Were so good. They literally set the standard for podcasts. Season 3 &4 on became pandering SJW blabber. Get back to true crime. You have WAY too much competition these days. Sad to see Serial just become broke."
"Season one was I guess too good to reproduce. The rest are blah."
"Sigh. No good deed goes unpunished, especially if you’re trying to help. Lame story that reinforces my disdain for “educators.”"
"How bout investigating Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin.  Nah just concentrate on Fulton County, Georgia."
"Seasons 1 & 2 were amazing and it was so refreshing to hear unbiased investigative journalism. But seasons 3-5 are all about pushing racial and political agendas. So sad as Sarah had something truly amazing and rare going and then had to ruin it with such partisan and racist reporting. Disappointed."
"An underperforming school sees a group of white parents come together and all join the school at the same time. This happened because one of the parents was able to identify the program that was lacking, spoke to the principal about how to bring that program to the school, convinced the other parents that the missing program would be there, then provided all of the funding for that program. It really is that simple. What makes this an issue? The parents were white, nothing more. 

The existing PTA was stuck in their rut and wanted to maintain control. It was all about the control of money. The existing PTA couldn’t see that they could work with the new parents and bring positive change. They literally had new resources available that they had never had before, but they wanted total control. 

Instead of trying to help the existing PTA recognize the new tools they have and bring unity, this author decided to create a podcast about how horrible white people are in general. It’s the normal tripe that all white people are oppressors and all minorities are the victims. We are seeing it in the comment too. If you don’t praise this podcast you are a racist, or some other word meaning the same thing. 

In the end it is about control and money."
"As title says.
After 15 minutes of googling upon completion of each season, it’s evident SERIAL leaves out huge facts. Adnan is 100% guilty."
"I really enjoyed the first few seasons! It got bought out by the man and now it seems to just be pushing political propaganda"
"In 2014 I was hooked! I could see how Sarah was biased towards Adnan, but they did put together great investigation, fascinating podcast. 
Second season was interesting but harder to get through. Not as much of a “page-turner” as the first one. 
And then came ultra-liberal proganda. I am a liberal and I can’t listen to Serial any more. I know it’s the choice of podcast produces what to talk about. But you have turned away your core audience. I removed my Serial subscription a while ago. 
Five stars for the first season, 3 1/2 stars for the second. Zero stars for the rest."
"He’s guilty."
"I really like the first season, although I did complain to the friend that recommended it to me that it was VERY obviously bias. It still liked how it was done though.  After that it continued to get worse. I can’t even stand to listen anymore."
"It's just bad. The first series especially.   I expect a certain amount of bias and I generally can overlook it in either direction as long as I feel llike all of the information is presented at least somewhatmentioned and allow me to make up my own mind.  When you leave things out or slant your reporting as egregiously as Serial does - it doess a disservice to your listeners.  I expected to love it - I'm the target audience for this pod - white, liberal consistent contributer to NPR - but this is beyond the pale.  It's sad that it gets a pass often because of being assocaited with This American Life."
"The narrator decides in season one than a murderer is not guilty “because he is cute.” 

Obviously, the narrator cares nothing about the victim, the victim’s family, or actual justice. 

Don’t waste your time on this woke nonsense."
"Series 1 is as good as any podcast I’ve ever followed. It was spectacular.

Don’t waste your time on the rest. It’s nothing but lazy and propagandized woke tax that white liberals feel they have to pay in order to appease the woke-masters who are single-handedly destroying our culture. As a 41 year old black man, I am begging you to stop these lies that are distorting the minds of our young people.

DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS!!"
"If you are a leftist liberal who enjoys inciting race baiting, this is your podcast (I should have known given NYT affiliation). The sad thing is the stories could have been done objectively and they would have some value. #garbage_liberal_propoganda"
"First season was good because it was pure story telling and not her own political narrative. But one thing I can’t stand is this lady’s voice and overall persona"
"Podcast fell off the track right at the end of season one. I gave it two stars for the effort."
"Season one had to be the best true crime pod that I have ever listened to. Season two was just okay. I couldn’t even make it though 2 episodes of the rest. Give 1 and 2 a listen but skip the rest."
"But Sarah’s fast pace of speech (which frequently descends into babbling) put me off."
"Season 1 was really cool. The rest.... terrible!! Every season is a big step down from the previous one. I couldn’t even make it through 2 episodes of the 3rd season. So boring . Time to hang it up serial"
"Loved season 1 and 2, but everything since has been geared towards liberals. Leave politics out of it and you will be fine. Sadly that won’t happen though"
"Thank you Sarah for bringing me into the world of
podcasts back with your first season. 

Unfortunately, the next installments of Serial were lackluster and lazy."
"Basically, this lady takes some facts, blows them out of proportion and comes to the conclusion that all the problems discussed in the story are due to racism without thinking what else could cause the problem. Moreover, it’s an extremely racist podcast that constantly talks about race and how bad white people are. Not impressed."
"Lame
Boring
Race driven and I don’t understand why we are perpetuating this way of thinking"
"I could not get into this podcast, I tried for a few seasons but ultimately couldn’t continue to listen. Wasn’t impressed."
"I was so much of a Serial fan that it is unbelievable. I started the first episode a couple of times and had the impression that this was going to be WOKE nonsense so I stopped and said I would go back later. When I opened the podcast this morning The reviews caught my eyes. I normally don’t read the reviews because all of us enjoy something different. But once I read the reviews I was certain that I wasn’t going to listen because I knew listening to this would only make me feel angry inside. I am tired of Young people who don’t know what they’re talking about dividing this country with their WOKE ideology. Honestly, if I were a black person in America I would be insulted that this generation think I too stupid to wipe my own butt. I come from mixed race. My great grandfather was an African Slave. TRUST me when I say, none of us were or are stupid and anyone thinking that you can’t rise above the color of your skin in modern America is not well educated. So no thank you Sarah, I’m taking a pass on this on and hitting the ole unfollow button."
"I have been addicted to every Serial podcast up until now. Maybe it is the mundane content but this examination of voter fraud in North Carolina lacked the depth, character exploration, and storytelling flair that has been engagingly present in previous Serial episodes. Hopefully the podcast can recover from this bomb and put out something worthy in the future"
"What happened to this podcast? It’s only gone downhill since season 1. Why ruin a perfectly good podcast you had going on? I really wish they stuck with the theme of true crime. I had no interest in season 2 & 3 I had to stop listening in the middle of both. What a shame."
"I was disappointed in this opinion influenced serial. This wasn’t the independent reporting what journalism at this broadcast has been noted for. A reporter had a specific point to make, and although she pointed out numerous deficiencies in the current system, she had one goal to make this an editorial of her belief system."
"season 1&2 were great... and then you decided to race bait... sad. no longer a follower."
"Serial had it all. But then started issuing season upon season of white guilt garbage. Here is another run of it for you. No thanks."
"This was one of the first great podcasts, but the last season was not worth the 4 hours it took to finish. The story has already been told, and this version was not well written or produced. 

Save yourself time, and unsubscribe."
"In Season 1, Serial had us obsessing over the details of a story that maybe wasn’t that interesting (“man more likely than not guilty of murder, but not beyond a reasonable doubt”) but where details mattered and where compelling storytelling made all the difference. By Season 4, Serial was telling an important and interesting story (“black people wrongly accused of election cheating, face unfair fallout tainted by racial bias anyway”), but with a level of detail out of all proportion to what made the story worth telling. Zoe Chase says it all up front: “I like to talk about [this] because of how personal the whole thing was.”  That premise fails to sustain the several hours this podcast takes to unwind; the story would have made a great hourlong episode of This American Life. Unfortunately, somewhere along the line Serial has jumped the shark, and is close to devolving into full-on self parody."
"I could not figure out why I should care about this story."
"“The real facts about electoral cheating”. According to who? 🤣.  Ya right.  This is just more victim liberal rhetoric that white Republicans are the problem.  This is just more ignorant divisiveness .  🤮"
"Ugh you know I can’t figure out how this podcast is so significant. A black man is completely ripped apart t/o the entire thing “why does his story change...?” Why do you think Sarah?! He’s probably terrified of the police. Did he (Adnan) do it? I have no idea and if he didn’t I feel horrible for him; but the Supreme Court in 2019 said there was enough evidence to convict."
"It’s actually impressive how thoroughly you have ruined a hit podcast. Had you put out  even half decent seasons following the smash hit of the first season you would be golden right now. Unfortunately all seasons after the first one are terrible and BORING."
"Brainwash systematic poor me racism. This garbage I can’t listen to."
"After I listened to season 3 I became aware of the liberal bias that she has. I live in Cuyahoga county and she didn’t tell the whole story. 
As I began listening to the current season her liberalism came shining through. 
🤮"
"Yawn yawn yawn. Yet another story of how white people r just so racist and evil and the poor black people r being oppressed by the whites who’s whole lives r consumed by keeping the black people down as if the average white person doesn’t have enough problems, now we gotta hear us being called racist every single day"
"Weird because I love Sarah and every thing she and This American Life does. This just doesn’t go anywhere - it keeps investigating allegations and falling short, then discussing how it falls short. That’s the whole podcast, + reinforcing the fact that institutional racism exists. Better ways."
"After the first two seasons which were though provoking, it's fallen trap to the racial misgivings of woke variety.  We get it, white people are racist, systematic racism is everywhere and all that yarn.  A return to interesting storytelling would be greatly warranted."
"In NC elections are a blood sport."
"Same ole liberal story, Muslim good and if you think otherwise, then you are a RACIST, she even throws Asians and blacks under the bus to try and sway opinions for a convicted murderer... because, after all, he’s Muslim."
"It doesn’t hit the core issue. Very supercilious."
"What happened to this show? Used to be good, now it’s just racist opinion about the conspiracy theory of systemic racism."
"Not sure why this is dubbed the top of TrueCrime podcasts. Check out West Cork or Criminal. Lots of things to listen to in this genre. Skip it."
"This is so racist! So tired."
"Don’t listen to this. It’s a waste of time."
"Great podcast. Until I was told repeatedly how horrible I am. Over and over and over and over and over and over......"
"This podcast is so so so biased and gives a platform to a very racist woman who calls anyone with a difference of opinions a racist while also saying things like “every white person I don’t like looks the same” and has created a hate group against other podcasters simply because they don’t believe that same thing she does. In the face of #stopasianhate can we really be supporting a podcast and it’s hosts who profit off the murder of an Asian woman while defending her murderer who will never get out of jail?"
"How is this a podcast?! Pure trash and one sided."
"I don’t need lectures. Big miss."
"Unfollowing due to the racist and prejudice host."
"Hate her voice and such a biased Podcast! It’s painful!"
"Season one is one of the pioneers of true crime podcast thing. They put it on the map and for that they get one star. Otherwise the Socio activism that proceeds the first season is without question the most tangible and discouraging fall from grace in almost any pioneering broadcast. By and large, people listen to podcasts as an escape from the constant barrage of polarizing political journalism thrust at them from every angle. Cereal has shamelessly joined in on using what should be unbiased journalism to champion activist propaganda."
"Ugh. Had to add some crap to make you look “woke”....stick to muder mysteries. That’s what we came for. Leave that other garbage alone. Get enough of that ish on Twitter. Leave it there."
"Shouldn’t be called serial anymore. Sarah Koenigs lovely dulcet tone was what made the show good to begin with. Really disappointed to see another season posted with the new host with such a grating voice"
"This podcast used to be about murders and abductions and following a plot of a killer. Now it’s a lecture on being a better white person..."
"Season 1 is amazing. Couldn’t stop listening it was so good! The details of the case were fascinating. Every other season is garbage. Slow and boring and the last one was particularly political. If you’re looking for something change of pace, listen to season 1 and then find another podcast."
"Crap!!!!!"
"This liberal stupid person has no idea what it is really like having children.  Getting your kid a good education is not a science experiment or a sociology trial.  It is literally life and death for some kids.  I venture to say this woman speaks one thing in order to “change the world” and will then put her kid in the best situation possible to help them succeed.  If she doesn’t, she is basically a DUMB and UNCARING parent!"
"Latest season is Garbage."
"This woman’s voice is dripping with disdain for humans in Season 4 in my opinion. No thanks.  That does not help anyone."
"All these people saying it’s racist don’t understand that they’re following it up with an edgy podcast called Nice Black Parents. Then the whole podcast team gets cancelled for using the word “black.” 

Also for using the word “parents.”

And most likely, for reasons known only to the “always-projecting” Left, for using the word “nice.”

Another piece of work from a far leftist who is a racist. I can *hardly* believe it..."
"This pod use to be good and now she is just a race baiter"
"If you want to listen to whining then this ones for you."
"Pure propaganda.... silly and shallow to the utter core. First rule of a podcast.... engaged the listener. Sounder more like a conversation at the NYTimes break room. Nonsense."
"Serial is great and informative except Nice White Parents. It draws illogical conclusions and is very narrow minded. The entire time all I could think was “when you are a hammer, you see everything as a nail.”

Other series are really good and really well done. Hopefully the next series will be back up to standard."
"Not my cup of tea"
"I told all my friends how great this podcast is. Nice white people has so many things that are just dumb, it shouldn’t be next to the great journalism of Sarah’s. Now I find myself defending my recommendation. Uggh"
"Completely racist and trying to push white guilt.  Serial started great, this one, season 4, is a hard pass."
"Season one is incredible. Never seen any entertainment medium go from amazing to terrible like this."
"Just terrible in every way"
"Liked the first two seasons. The third though, just a biased piece of what they call journalism do yourself a favor and don’t waste your time
Update: Decided to try and listen to season 4 and I couldn’t make it past the first 2 episodes. Here’s to hoping season 5 is better"
"I wanted to start this podcast but seeing everyone call it racist has me moving on to the next. Hopefully they’ll take the feedback and do better!"
"This podcast is racist. One sided and exactly what’s wrong with society"
"Seems like it has gone off the rails since the first two seasons"
"Season one good. Last season racist."
"But season 3 & 4 are not worth the time"
"Season one? Excellent. 2 & 3? Don’t waste your time. Season 4? Completely biased and racist. This is one of the worst podcasts (trying so hard to implement white guilt) that I’ve ever heard. I have no white guilt nor should I. You should be ashamed."
"Binge season one with a big ole spoon. Take or leave seasons 2 and 3 due to the “meh” nature of the stories. Season 4? I won’t even listen to racist drivel."
"Too bad you couldn’t truly report without bias. Too bad you couldn’t see all students were lifted and education levels improved for all. Too bad all you could see were white people wanting to improve education, all children’s education, not just people of color. I would have to say this series was the most biased perspective on any subject I have seen. I usually enjoy Serial; not this time"
"Hoping to learn something and as I completed the final episode, I became annoyed and angered by the amount of white guilt that was poured into the last few minutes. Shameful."
"However the latest season is pure virtue signaling garbage. She really needs to grow her emotional intelligence..."
"This is anti racist woke crap. America does not agree with this."
"First 2 seasons were amazing! But like many others the next one fell flat and I stopped listening. It seems like the podcast was going in one direction and then completely shifted to try and be relevant to today’s struggles. I wish the direction and goal hadn’t shifted."
"Absolute garbage"
"first season was great but politics had to take over and ruin this too"
"Adnan did it and will rot in prison for killing Hae Min Lee, who this podcast overlooks in favor of crying over killer adnan."
"The first season started off very interesting.  Good attempts at being in depth with facts, but author just uses the facts that support her narrative and dismisses any facts that do not support her thesis of the justice system is wrong.  Second season, again, is a interesting and entertaining premise, but the bashing of the justice system is broken and racist keeps getting in the way.  Third season doesn't even try to hide the pure abhorrence of white people.  A continuation of white people are evil and all other races are held back by no fault of their own.  Not a real look at the issues.  Just  speaks of the facts that support the authors narrative."
"Listened to season 1 as a kid. Thought it was great. Come back for a second listen and noticed how much the author shaped the narrative. Do yourself a favor and look at the facts of the case instead of buying into this propaganda. “Nice White Parents” should pretty much give you an idea of how low-brow the production team/narrator are."
"As a liberal, it’s exhausting to listen to these bigoted woke leftists reduce immensely complicated issues into simplistic (and racist) solutions.  Avoid if your IQ is three digits."
"Seriously? I made my way into episode two before I had to stop listening. The host makes derogatory comments about white people. Terrible journalism!"
"I - an educator in an international school that serves primarily underprivileged children - was excited to hear this in-depth report on a school in Brooklyn with a changing demographic.

From the start, the narrator clumsily and self-righteously seems to mix up “international” schools, the “international baccalaureate organization” and bilingual education; all in the spirit of some weak metaphor about gentrification being extended into a school’s context and the evil of the mighty dollar.

She paints the Puerto Rican parents as bumbling, unsophisticated victims of sneaky, white, self-interested rich liberals.

This whole premise is a mess and it’s self-serving for the sensationalist, clueless “journalist” who put it together. This person should not be writing about education. She doesn’t understand it."
"This is cringeworthy at its finest. Super sad they went for attention grabbing. Season one was great . All down hill from then . Listen to something better like, nails on a chalkboard."
"Started off fine. Then comes the horrible white people routine.
  So ignorant and dangerous"
"I loved the first two seasons of serial but pushing the whole “everyone is racist” and “white people are the problem” is dangerous and disingenuous. Don’t recommend."
"Considering how good the first season was, it’s incredible how bad this show has become."
"I absolutely loved the first three seasons of this show, however with season four you’ve lost a listener forever. They’re seriously making the case that the problem with inadequate education in certain areas is the fault of and I quote “white parents”. They went full “woke” with this one guys. They live in an echo chamber where racism is the causation behind every issue in America."
"The creator needs to get out of NYC more often.  There are a number of places in the US that figured out this problem 30 years ago. The lottery system is a disaster.  My school district went to that when I was a kid and you could be bussed two hours to get to school. They obviously dropped that.  Also, it is a disservice to let a 9 yo distract an entire class because it’s equitable."
"It’s way too subjective... she has extreme bias towards what pushes her agenda... it isn’t fair the way the displays the people she records is only to emphasis her point... she cuts off the interviews early for people who would make the average listener think twice due to their personal speech... this podcast is so good if you love fiction... because none of this is non fiction unless she changes the way she directs her own story by herself"
"After listening to this podcast and getting very angry because of the details left out it’s very easy to judge from your tower of ivory. Especially at the end, you have 3 white ladies getting into the head of a 17 year old middle eastern boy without actually knowing how it feels to be that. I’m not going to rant even though I want to, all I will say is listen to Crime Junkies episode on adnan syed. I promise if you think he’s guilty you won’t after that. How convenient to leave out evidence that clearly proves it wasn’t him."
"Let me guess.  You’re a leftist Jew."
"This was the most ridiculous podcast.It’s ludicrous to think that people who want to donate money to one school should have to spread it across the city. I’m not going to fundraisers at my child school going to book fairs or donating things to the school to get spread across my entire city.I have never seen blaming so bad because other people don’t want to put effort into fundraising for what they want in their children’s school."
"Hmm.  Snoozer.
It’s just not for me.  All the other seasons were great.  What happened?
—-"
"It seems like everyone is innocent to her. Regardless of the evidence. Great voice."
"This podcast was highly rated, so I thought I’d check it out. Saw the politics in the latest episodes; I won’t be listening to any now. I didn’t even think this was the right podcast at first. What a shame. I will not support this."
"You say you want diversity, but only YOUR diversity. White people bring diversity, but apparently it’s not acceptable. They come in and offer a different way, but you want the same old crap. Crabs in a bucket - never want someone to go another way - one that actually works. Same old story. This is why people don’t want to help."
"So I listened to the whole Nice White Parents thing, mostly because I have a lot of extra free time right now, thanks to the pandemic. It was... kind of"
"Literally every time I listen to a podcast made by serial about race and justice - it’s a nightmare. 

Being a journalist does not erase your bias- identifying your race at the beginning does not make your voice objective, and it’s the same thing every time. Innocent white lady who’s just trying to understand what’s going on; forcing POC to nicely explain racism 101. 

The condescension in her voice when she’s referring to the equity team that came to the school to talk about the work of identifying implicit bias, is disgusting. Addressing racism IS work. Equity IS work. You need to understand how YOU benefit from the system to tell the story properly. Just because you know you’re white doesn’t mean you understand race and racism in the United States. 

PLEASE HIRE OTHER PEOPLE TO TELL THESE STORIES or EDUCATE YOURSELF ABOUT RACE. PERIOD."
"Garbage"
"Didn’t want to listen to that crap after 10 mins, and no, it’s not because I’m a fragile white person.  What BS."
"Enjoyed season 1. Season 2 good. Season 3 was terrible.  Don’t let a latte liberal ruin the serial podcast."
"The first season was amazing. The second was ok.. as the seasons went on, seems like they took their top rating for granted. This latest season is pretty bad. Not because of the subject matter, but because of the writing. It’s too bad. Hoping for the next season to be better"
"Left oh so much out of the Adnon Syed story.  Thank God for people on Reddit who do more research than you."
"I’ve enjoyed all the seasons thus far and learned from it but this new season is entirely race focused for no good reason. They focus of the season is to “expose” or more like put down members of one race. If that isn’t racist, then nothing is. The problems you may be seeing don’t need to be framed as a race issue. There’s a lot of other factors in human behavior so looking at everything through such a narrow, race-colored lens is ridiculous and distorted. Thanks, but no thanks this season."
"My teacher is forcing us to listen to this"
"Seems journalist went into episodes with bias. What about kids?  Isn’t some assistance, support, and advanced curriculum better than no assistance. Let no good deeds go unpunished. Not all nice white parents fit stereotype of ultra rich, lavish upper East side New Yorkers. I stopped listening after Episode 1 as I found the journalism very divisive and biased.  Seems many of parents on both sides needed to realize it was not about them as patents but opportunities for the students."
"Don’t you people remember it’s impossible for white people to experience racism since they’ve never been oppressed?! This new season is almost as retarded as that ideology."
"Trying to listen to Nice White Parents with an open mind. But after a few episodes it’s obvious that there’s just no pleasing people. 

We can all agree we don’t want segregated schools. We don’t want some kids getting a worse education than others. 

But when white kids/parents moved into this school and created diversity, and had a different way of doing things, they were admittedly unwanted. I agree the fundraising gala seemed extravagant but at the end of the day it raised money for the kids so who cares? Just because it’s not the way you do things? Why is everyone so mad about what everyone else is doing? That parent (Rob I think was his name) had connections and know-how with fundraising and he brought the benefits to this school. What is the problem. 

Then the teacher you tried to paint as racist for sending her kids to a different school to get away from what she described as disruptive students. She said nothing of race. If the kids happened to be Latino or black, how is that her fault? Maybe if their parents taught them how to behave respectfully there wouldn’t have been an issue.

Then I thought I’d try to listen for 5 more minutes and you go into the “gifted” program. Oohhhh my god. You literally said the white kids are performing better than the other kids at the school. But then you imply that the gifted program is unfair because most of these kids are white and are there BECAUSE they’re white. Do they get no credit for their merit? Why is this ongoing narrative so one-sided??? WHY are the white kids doing better? Do they have better support in the home? Do their parents work more with them after school?

You like to say you’re pro-diversity and believe in “inclusion” of everyone, but really you have all the biases you’re claiming that white people have."
"That’s what this series should be called. I made it through three episodes but grew tired of the racist bias toward white people. These liberal white woke writers insist on blaming everything on white people. When does personal responsibility come into play? Many people choose to maintain their low standards and resent it when others come in with higher expectations. 

Why is it that the ones who constantly point out a person’s race also happen to be those on the left? When will they stop pointing out differences and instead focus on the commonalities and ideals that unite us? When it stops being profitable for them. The media continue their work to divide this country along racist lines. What happened to considering a person’s character before their color? I predict it will soon backfire. Check out Freedom, Georgia to see how black people are segregating themselves from white people so they can feel “safe”.  And they are promoting this as a solution to black people all around the country. Will the woke white people try to infiltrate the black self-segregation areas? This could get interesting. 

Unsubscribed."
"Ive loved all the previous podcasts but this one was pretty Dull!! Couldn't ween listen to it ."
"Sarah Koenig is way too gullible, soft and emotional about issues. For example, someone admits to her that they resisted arrest and she clearly takes his side because he lost the fight with the cops after resisting arrest. If you really want to help people, encourage them to take responsibility for their actions. What could he have done to avoid the situation all together? Maybe not associate himself with drugs or resist arrest and who knows what else he did to provoke it. It will help them get further in every aspect of life. Why are we teaching and encouraging people to be victims? How do you think that will help them in life? Also, different subject but what about the missing privileges of poor and unattractive people of all colors? Could some things be more about self representation, self respect, attitude and appearance than about race? How is it white privilege if only some white people are lucky enough to have it? Just some thoughts..."
"Unsubscribed."
"All races have different expectation and biases they all do!  it also depends on your economic status.  The way you’re raised changes how you think and what your expectations are. You could’ve made this a positive piece about trying to work together instead you made it negative.👎"
"Leftists are wrong about everything. This is just more leftist garbage."
"Garbage podcast that offers no constructive ideas about how to improve schools for all kids. Rather, it blames white parents for trying to find the best educational opportunities for their own children. Isn’t that a parent’s job??"
"The first episode is irresponsible and I am not compelled to listen to the rest. The school was in danger of closing so they tried heavily to recruit more neighborhood kids to the school, which were well to do white kids. They were successful in large part due to one man taking an interest and organizing the community to enroll an influx of new kids.  
This man also raised tens of thousands of dollars for the school and started a French language immersion program with the principal’s full blessing. Now the school is doing well and it is much more diverse. Diversity is supposed to be great for learning and creativity. Sounds great right?

First of all, unless there is no choice, no one of any race wants their kid to be one of only a few in a race/class in a school. That is why, in fact, so many at the school were uncomfortable with the integration of whites into the school. But the reporter takes sides here. 

This reporter gives a megaphone to a few people in the school who are both resistant to change and power hungry. They are mad that many of the donations are made into a foundation that takes away their control of how to spend it and keeps the donor intent. They had no interest in fundraising to start with. Why don’t they keep doing their lackluster job of raising funds since they were so happy with the $2k a year they were raising. They are also mad that the principal did not insist on a language immersion of languages many of the children already spoke. Let me ask you what would the kids be learning then? Why does the reporter talk to these couple people on the PTA so many times more than the other side? She is trying to justify their inflexibility and anger. But she does not succeed. 

Why would you assume that the non-white kids would not want to learn French or benefit from the programs and funds raised for the school by these white parents?  Maybe this first generation of inflexible kids won’t but I assure you the next set of classes would begin to matriculate in. Very shortsighted observations here. 

I am a liberal leaning person but I just can’t see how the developments at this school can be seen as anything other than a good thing. Maybe not perfect, but certainly not deserving of a serial podcast to call them out as racists when they are trying their best to integrate and improve this school. They could have just left their kids in private school. I would love to see more schools in my area have so much community support and new ideas."
"Sad to see the same trope out there in long form. They are really forcing the white people are terrible narrative with this one. 

I’ll break it down so you can save time. Mostly white parents want their kids to have access to the French language. They don’t ask for public funds. They raise the money themselves and create a French program which all kids can access. This podcast then paints them as terrible people. Give me a break."
"Nice white parents is yet again another way to promote racism, create differences between people because of color, and push division between us all. Please. Please. Please. Stop. Stop, promoting hatred. There are so many other positive things you could be doing and saying to encourage togetherness. Don’t be part of the problem, be part of the solution."
"Well, she’s trying to be intriguing and profound, but she has failed."
"Typical leftist garbage. Tell me more about why I’m a horrible person for being white, please. Save time by not listening. I’ll sum it up for you: white people = bad. Everyone else = good."
"I was trying to stick with it.  There were bits I found interesting about the nyc public school system.  But you really lost me when you said you’d never seen white kids walking in a line with a bubble in their mouth?! I’ve worked in many majority white schools and all our kids k-1 or even 2nd grade walked the halls in a line with a bubble in their mouth.  🙄. Acting like this was some racist weird thing was so bazaar."
"Used to love this show, but 20 minutes into the new season, all I hear is how White people are bad. It’s more of the narrator/reporter interjecting racism in this story. Just another way the media is turning the wheel of hatred in this country and dividing all people."
"Used to love this show, what happened? The first season was insanely good.  Latest season (made it through 3 episodes thinking a story would finally break), could simply have started by saying “hey white people, you’re racist, here’s another story about why.”"
"The first season was great but “nice white parents” is an absurd self loathing piece that tries to further the stereotype that white people can not possibly doing anything without oppressing people of color. The idea is that the schools are bad because white people won’t send their kids there but then when they do, the school gets better but at the cost of the non white kids. So no matter what white people are bad. This narrative is getting so old."
"Save all the hours of listening.  People with money do what they want.  In other news water is wet.  They fail to point out that liberal democratic polices keep all the black and brown people from leaving the city by keeping them in public housing.  Another news flash if you rent your not part of a “community” because you can leave anytime you want.  The liberal democratic polices keep the city labor force right where it wants them."
"I tried. I really did. But I don’t hear anything new, just the same ole “white is bad” narrative."
"Unfortunately I’m unbelievably frustrated with the narrative of this “shared sense of reality”. It’s so skewed and so sided I couldn’t make it past episode 1. The judgmental side notes that were shaming people were cringeworthy. 
Hopeful that’s the next season is better."
"Stop politicizing everything and attempting to stir up more hatred. As a teacher I can tell you that your scope of these issues is narrow minded. Way to take an insanely complex problem and place the blame on white parents. Just...wow. Garbage at its very best."
"Pretty rambling and biased. No one should mistake this series as a fair evaluation of school issues and reform alternatives. It does describe the difficult and heated nature of tribal school politics but puts all the blame on parents trying to give their kids a good education in a bloated bureacracy of no consequences.  I guess Asians Americans are now classified as ""white""  by the PC crowd because they are almost always the groups that value and push educational excellance and by most all measures are doing better then white families."
"Privileged white guy here, but let’s not make it about race- that’s too click-bait easy to do in these times, you know what I mean Serial? It takes a lot for me to unsubscribe from one of my ‘core’ podcasts, but this tripe season has done it- goodbye Serial- you were so much better than what you put forth this season 😞"
"I have never heard anything that so basks in white guilt as season 4. What a fail."
"Trash trash trash. Grow up. Omg white people are just the worst aren’t they. God you make sick."
"The “nice white parents” series is clearly an effort to push the racism agenda we’re currently facing in America.  The New York Times takeover of this podcast is evident.  Why ruin a good podcast with a politically motivated agenda?  If you have to announce at the beginning of this new series that the person reporting is a white reporter, you’re clearly trying too hard to appear not racially biased.  Nice try.  I’m done with Serial.  Plenty of other podcasts to enjoy."
"Everything is always white people faults and everyone is a victim to whites.  White privilege is not the issue, it’s MONEY and wealth!"
"Interesting to listen to and raises some good questions, unfortunately the only answer they arrive at is “no matter what you do, if you’re white... it’s wrong.” They also fail to notice that Brooklyn is not a microcosm of the United States. Love serial. Love NPR. Wish this had presented more uncolored commentary. Pun intended."
"Another blame the white privileged BS from the failed NY Times.  Don’t waste your time with this season.  The previous Serial seasons all have been great with in-depth reporting and interesting story topics.  I guess nothing is perfect."
"Hard to know where to begin. 5 hours about schools and no discussion about how to teach individual kids. There are two groups in this world, the whites and the black and browns. 

The foundation of the argument is that educational attainment is zero sum. If the whites get some, it takes the same amount from the black and browns. Over and over again about the unfairness of the system, no discussion about how to improve the education of all children. 

By focusing on the gap between groups, the podcast concludes that the obvious solution is to deprive the higher performing group of their ability to pursue the best for their children. No discussion about how to raise the performance of the lower performing kids."
"It’s a sad day when you see creative people turn towards racism and identity politics. If you are a racist against whitey, please listen to this podcast. Hours of content geared towards using pushing narrative based on opinions and no fact checking on their part. A sad day to know things changed as NYT bought them out. Sorry to say, my experience with this podcast ends today. To long Serial."
"Loved Season 3 about Ohio court system.  Nice White Parents just divisive and done with an agenda already in place.  One thing that is so ironic is that all NYT podcasts I’ve listened to: the Daily, the Argument and now this are by Nice White Reporters/Podcasters."
"So the intro says don’t judge this podcast by the title, but 5 minutes in and I already feel the white-shaming coming. Yes I am so sorry for being white. I will repent and do everything I can to make up for this sin that I forced upon myself."
"😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭"
"Is not Serial. Unsubbed."
"The show had potential but falls deep into the white guilt rabbit hole."
"Loved the others. Should have known it would go this way since partnering with NYT."
"Just another heap of steaming identity politics. It’s gross to hate your own country like this."
"“White parents” are to blame? Imagine using this blanket statement on any other group. No more professional and objective journalism to see here."
"Agenda based “reporting” as per usual."
"The first season was outstanding and it’s because of that season I love podcasts now. They lost me on the second season, incredibly boring and it was pretty evident they did it because of their love for The president, priority number one: ignore anything scandalous when it comes to President Obama. Season three was interesting but proved that they struck lightning in a bottle in season one. Now they’re pushing a separate show on here to promote white guilt in order to spread it to the masses. Nah I’m good, preaching about equality then telling one race they need to feel shame for their skin color and place in the world because of a anscestal roots is racist. I’m gonna go ahead and keep treating everyone equally and teach my children the same while passing on the real racist content."
"Please"
"Garbage. Don’t fill your mind with these toxic ideas."
"Season 1 was amazing but since then the quality and content has fallen off a cliff. It hs lost all the magic that made it what it was"
"One of the most racist podcasts I’ve ever heard. Completely unbelievable!"
"This podcast was a complete waste of time. We spent 10 hours listening to this fool repeat herself about details they found over and over again. She is a garbage reporter who should leave the investigating to the pros. Thanks for nothing serial."
"What started with a brilliant season 1 has now changed in the same insanity media, social media and identity politics try to spoon us.
We are individuals with our own experiences, dreams, hopes and struggles. To judge someone on the group you think they belong to is stereotyping, illicit assumption, unwarranted conclusion, overstatement and exaggeration.
If the education system fails in the US it is because of the politicians you elected, not because of white people in general.
Your claim means you lack the insight and intellect to perform investigational journalism.
Unsubscribed!"
"Soooooo political."
"Season 2 and 3 ...Yikes"
"Her voice and demeanor are both boring and off-putting. I only listened to season 1 because of other podcasts and that HBO series. I cannot believe this is what the big deal was about, she sounds more like a gossipy child than a journalist."
"Serial, Stop with the race baiting “Nice White Parents” cause them “nice” parents who you say are white are also jewish."
"I used to love this podcast but it’s turned into a racist propaganda piece. ‘Nice White Parents’ is yet another way to teach hate and separation amongst Americans. This podcast is dangerous and irresponsible."
"Sell Out"
"Well, as a white person, a mother and someone who really appreciates your previous work, all I can say is you’ve done a great job at already offending me from the jump.  I think the message you are trying to get across is getting lost in your own personal narrative- or maybe that the narrative of that of your new partner The NY Times.  You women have a big voice and you are all talented.  I know you also have good intentions.  Do better than this. Open eyes, don’t just pander time the ears that you already know will listen."
"Cancelled my subscription to NYT as they don’t even pretend to be unbiased. After it’s marriage to Serial, and listening to the first episode of NWP, I fear this mindset has infiltrated. So sad to delete this garbage but I have more important things to do and think about. Bye."
"I liked the older episodes, listened to them back to back, but couldn’t stomach this latest. I understand journalists WANT to interject their own opinions and ideologies, but they shouldn’t. You made it political when it didn’t have to be, simply because “racial division” is the hot button word right now. It’s not a black issue. It’s not a white issue. It’s a class issue, poverty equals higher crime, and it’s being propagated by bad policy in inner cities that have been run under the same suppositions for 50  years. It isn’t working, and to just fall back on racism isn’t the answer. You lost a listener, because I can’t handle the social justice tag lines in every other statement."
"I won’t listen anymore because of your relationship with the New York Times. Their reporting is bias and unacceptable. So sorry to see this has happened. Best of luck."
"I enjoyed your previous seasons but cannot believe how racist you have to be to make a new season completely off the path of previous ones. The problem with education in America is “Nice White Parents”? You want white parents to be mean? What are you even talking about. I usually listen to both sides of stories but I can’t even attempt to listen to this. Sorry you must be nuts to even think about let alone put together something this stupid. Unsubscribes."
"Nice title, I will unsubscribe! Very disappointing. Shame shame shame."
"White people are being discriminated against and blamed for everything. Can’t listen."
"I will be unsubscribing from this Podcast from the same racist who brings us Nice White Parents"
"I’m sorry I cannot support a bigotry journalist path."
"Let’s blame white people for everything. Unsubscribed."
"The first season is one of the most compelling things I have ever heard. The second season was tolerable. The third season is pure leftist garbage propaganda. As soon as I heard their new podcast was going to be called “Nice White Parents” I was vindicated for my appraisal of season 3 and I’m out for good."
"Yowza"
"The term “SERIAL” is misleading. The first season was great and I figured every season would be an unsolvable murder mystery and it’s not. The word Serial doesn’t seem to apply to the material. Season 2 and on was boring. If you’re interested in listening to anything involving the word Serial then give up on this podcast after the first season."
"Everyone’s entitled to their views, but count me out after seeing the Nice White Parents launch. It was fun while it lasted, but I’m not on board to hear about your views of white parents being the problem with public schooling."
"What a shame, goodbye"
"Hate to hear you are now part of The New York Times. Too bad, you had a good thing going"
"Really disappointed that you have teamed up with the New York Times. You can’t possibly be unbiased if you will be under the NYT umbrella. I will miss you, really too bad."
"“Nice White Parents” is yet another means to terrorize a group of people based on immutable characteristics. I believe there is a word for that.
Time would be better spent building up rather than tearing down."
"Really sad to see to see this podcast is associated with the New York Times. This is not a newspaper but a hate monger group."
"The end of a once great show. Selling to the anti-American, far left propaganda outlet: The New York Times. Terrible, sad news. Unsubscribed."
"Just stop."
"Season one was great. I would’ve left a 5 star review if it was just season 1. The second season is okay-ish but it tries to paint bergdahl as almost a victim when he was 100% a deserter. Season three is nothing but leftist garbage. Listen to the first season and move on. 

PS: the new series is going to be nothing different. Just trashing white people for being white."
"Sorry to hear you’ve joined the New York Times. They are no longer unbiased. They are no longer journalists. It’s political motivated media."
"Was a fan of the Podcast until “white parents” was announced. You’ve lost a fan. Unsubscribed"
"If you think The NY Times is going to give you free reign to do what you do you are mistaken. They have an agenda and you just became another platform for it."
"Started out awesome years ago, now apparently aims to spread hatred and division among Americans. “Nice White Parents”, give me a break. This is racism & it helps nobody."
"Of course, of course, NYT."
"The first season was great. The second season was okay, it paid a lot of lip service to a deserter and as a Marine, this rubbed me the wrong way. Season three was absolutely horrendous and reminded me why journalism is a dead, not dying, art. Listen to season one but you needn’t go any further. Just listen to Hardcore History if you really want some in-depth stories and analysis."
"I thought you were a quality journalist with decent work now I see you have jumped on the leftist bandwagon and you are associated with the New York propaganda Times which is not even close to journalism."
"Sold out to the New York Times"
"I raved about season one to my friends and family. I guess because I’m a true crime fanatic. But I’m pretty much done subscribing to this show because since then I have had nothing but disappointment. 
Really great one hit wonder though!"
"I cannot handle this podcast. The stories are great but told from such an dense perspective. Don't try to train my opinion just give me the details. And by the way Bergdahl is not a POW, he is a deserter. There is a BIG difference. I'm done."
"Your views and opinions of police is extremely narrow minded and just plain ignorance! You should attend/observe police training AND do “ride-alongs” with multiple agencies in different areas. If you truly believe law enforcement is actually “encouraged” to racially profile people of color-you’re only contributing and perpetuating the cycle and further inciting racial tensions. Your diatribe here is COMPLETELY nonsensical, off based and one-sided; & as a person of color, I’m ashamed for you as you don’t have the common sense to be ashamed of yourself!"
"I subscribed because i had watched a documentary on Ahmad and a friend recommended listening to this. unfortunately I started with season 3.  It’s the worst thing I’ve ever had the misfortune to be stuck listening to on an airplane that I had pre downloaded. 

I do not recommend this podcast."
"Season one was amazing. The other two seasons have been nothing but disappointment. They had so much potential that was just thrown away."
"Your Season 3, Episode 1 is the most ridiculous, judgemental piece I’ve ever heard.  He believes 4 males over females, she’s talking to police that way because she’s white.  Totally ridiculous and disappointing!!!!!!!!  I can’t believe Cleveland let you in their court house.  People like you ruin it for the next journalists that want the criminal justice system to open up for them."
"Ew. You are delusional."
"Big name podcast, kept listening for something huge, nothing to show for it"
"They should’ve stopped after season 1"
"😫😫🚫🍆"
"Garbage. Garbage. The Adnan story was good but this BS about police is utter crap. One sided. This podcast isn’t original. It’s Literally what everyone is talking about and moved on. I wish i could leave negative stars."
"Wayne Fontes is a bum"
"The first season was okay. 2nd season was okay. Third season was horrible. Couldn’t even get through an episode."
"Season 1 fab. Season 2 fab. Season 3 AWFUL. What the heck happened? So disappointing. Seasons one and two, in my opinion, did not come off as biased at all. Just facts were shared and Sarah did a good job at seeing situations from “both sides” or “different angles.” Season three was a whole different story. Not that I could even get past the first four episodes...and I really tried! How does Sarah talk about and condemn stereotyping and prejudices and then make multiple comments about most of the Judges being “Irish” and “Italian” and then asking, “Where are the Jews?” And that’s just one example of the hypocrisy...not to mention she interviews criminals and takes their stories as if they are saints who would NEVER DARE tell a lie...Really??? Again: soooooo disappointing."
"Wow.... so disappointed in this podcast. You are condemning these police officers while seemingly taking the word of criminals at face value.  Totally biased toward law enforcement and the judicial system while completely forgetting the fact that you are interviewing criminals who put themselves into these positions."
"Season one was very interesting and kept you interested. I’ve been in law enforcement for many years and like cases like Adnon’s.  Season 2 didn’t really  grab me. But season 3 actually was offensive and certainly appeared biased even if unintentional. There are flaws in our criminal justice system. But to take a minuscule sample and present it as National puts you far off the mark. You just sound like you’re selling a position in season 3 episode 1. I won’t listen to more"
"If you don’t want to listen to a podcast that seems to focus more on color and against Law Enforcement than the story, listen to another podcast."
"We almost didn’t make it through two episodes of season one; we stopped listening after that. It sounded like none of the individuals who were interviewed, including the convicted killer, had any interest in the case at all. The questions were always leading, the interviews always sounded forced. It’s also very curious that at least two of the individuals interviewed have book deals. The whole thing was just boring. Anyone who says this is a riveting story, or that the narration was great, obviously has not seen a Dateline NBC with Keith Morrison. Serial’s host/narrator was not good, at all. I know it’s not the popular thing, but sometimes it’s okay to trust that everyone involved in the justice system (detectives, prosecution, judges, etc.) actually know how to do their jobs and do them well. In this case, as with the Making a Murderer case, justice was served."
"Doesn’t sound the the host is a big fan of law enforcement. Didn’t seem like objective reporting to me."
"I was HOOKED. Spent all of my free time listening to the first 2 seasons. The 3rd season was highly clouded by judgement and bias. It was hard to listen to. Her disgust and mockery for police was frustrating and annoying. Bummed it had to end this way."
"But Sarah needs to get some more life experience under her belt & definitely some more experience with the mean streets.

She’s awfully worried about perceived social injustices towards blacks & inner city residents perpetrated by judges/police/unions/prosecutors/etc but always loves to point out how entitled she is, how much lack of Jewish ancestry in Cleveland, etc. 

We decided to give this one a chance during our home confinement for Covid & started with S3-won’t waste any more of my time-made it 6 epis in & im done."
"Seriously, Sarah, what are you trying to accomplish with this? You're WAY too close to the story. You're super needy and keep seeking validation through your interactions is Sayed. THEN you get all butthurt when you keep badgeering Sayed and then are surpised that he questions your motives and intentions. THEN you use the most ridiculoud NPR language that you obviously think is hilarious. No one finds you funny. The only reason I didn't rate this one star is because I find the case interesting. That is where any positive things I have to say about this podcast ends. 

Also, Season Two is garbage.

Also, also...the amount of po-po bootlickers in the reviews is nothing short of hilarious. Cops are garbage and will remain garbage until the eventual heat death of our solar system. They don't care about you. At all. They care about each other and only each other."
"Sarah argues that Bergdahl’s actions are ‘understandable’ from...Bergdahl’s point of view.  Beyond stupid to spend so much effort explaining and defending the reasons an idiotic young man with psychological issues, deserts his post after a couple of months of deployment.  And she spends more than an entire episode claiming no one died searching for him and making whataboutisms."
"So, I really enjoyed season 1.. and then season 2 was kind of a bust. And season 3 just got too political and anti-police in some ways. I like the crime aspect of the true crime, and the facts of the cases. Season 1 was perfect."
"I enjoyed the podcast initially. However, the more I listened, I heard unmistakable anti law enforcement bias bleeding through. I’m sure a large segment of the population has no issue with the bias, but I do."
"Very one sided is very obvious the way the narrator what’s to paint the picture. She cherry picks the facts and goes out of her way to point out every possible way it’s the police, armed service, justice system etc fault never personal responsibility."
"Nice review of a case well done by law enforcement!

I got invested but realized episode 2 you were wasting ur time, my time, and discrediting the po-po who deal with 100x more cases than u per year. Nice journalism tho, u bum?"
"If you choose to listen to a person that is purely ignorant on a subject just to get angry or to have a good laugh then this is the podcast for you! No facts, just pure crap based off of feelings. I’ve heard some podcasts that are terrible but this one is by far the worst. 

Educate yourself before giving people information. This is why we have issues, this type of person spreads hate with no factual information and she is the reason our society becomes worse everyday."
"I didn’t like the direction the podcast went. Pushing the social justice agenda instead of giving interesting cases."
"As soon as I started the first episode of season 1 I was hooked! I loved the way Sarah told the stories and I got through the first two seasons pretty quick. Then I started the third season and got to episode 5 then had to turn it off because my blood was boiling. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing as I listened to snarky anti police comment after snarky anti police comment. I’m furious at the way Sarah is bashing the police and making the entire season so incredibly bias. These men and women walk out the door for work EVERY single day or night not knowing if they will make it home. Their families worry and have knots in their stomachs until their LEO gets home from their shift. Are there bad police officers out there? OF COURSE. But they are the exception not the majority and if the police stop you and you reach for a gun, you’re going to be shot. I will support that choice EVERY time because when that officer  puts his life on the line to protect the entire city he shouldn’t have to be put through hell for deciding to save the life of his fellow officers and of himself when a suspect pulls a gun. I will NEVER support this podcast again."
"I only listened to the first episode and have some major problems. The hostess comes into the podcast with a bias that the man is innocent. Unlike actually talented true crime podcast hosts, she has a predetermined truth and works the story to back this outcome. She did not seem to care about anything other than proving the man is innocent and ignored all other facts and elements. This is terrible coming from a so-called “journalist.” On a further note, one reviewer made a comment how she is racist then proceeded to make a comment about how she is “Jewish.” Pot calling the kettle black. Will not listen to another episode"
"I liked the first season. After listening to the episode “you’ve got some Gauls” I am very offended! The host at first talked about the backgrounds of the white judges being Irish or Italian. What does that have to do with anything?? When there are black judges, do you list their backgrounds? As for the sentences handed down by the judge, I think they got off easy with probation and should thank him. They could have gotten a lot worse. Seems to me this is a very liberal podcast that just wants participation trophy’s handed out instead of any real sentence."
"The story is presented as if Adnan is innocent, but ignores a lot of key information and statements. For example: he talked about how he wishes someone had caught him strangling her. He wishes that what he did was something someone had seen. The way he makes these statements is not at all normal, and he doesn’t do it once or twice. He does it over and over. 

This is a very biased podcast, which is tragic. Also, “quote, unquote” gets very old very fast."
"Series 1 is interesting and obviously this is good journalistic integrity but for audio is super grating to constantly hear “quote....end quote” like every five seconds. Maybe if you could paraphrase a little more it wouldn’t be so annoying"
"Adnan is definitely guilty this reporter is supposed to be unbiased but if you look into it she thought he was innocent from the beginning and tries to act like she is open minded why can’t you just be honest"
"Some of the stories are interesting, but why so much white guilt?  It’s odd...she throws it in every chance she gets."
"Season 3 is an interesting concept but her own biases clouded the info and made the series hard to listen to"
"I only started listening to season 1 because I needed to know the background info so I could understand the episode of Crime Junkie. I couldn’t wait to finish Season 1 so that I could just get back to Crime Junkie. Sarah kinda drags everything out and I get lost easily with her story."
"Honestly I only listened to season 1 so I could listen to the crime junkie episode that follows up this story. Sarah drags everything out and there is no energy in any of the story telling. Moves way too slow."
"Really enjoyed the following of the cases in season 1 and 2. The 3rd season was not what I was expecting from the season 3 trailer. Disappointing."
"Very liberal take pointing the finger with ire at all these bad cops with incredibly kindness of voice to the “victims”... easy to pile on in this day & age but it should be presented as one sides view.  Tough listen for me. Unsubscribesd"
"I used to teach environmental science and I learned something about bombarding students with all the depressing environmental news: they respond a lot better if there’s a way they can get involved to help. I always ended each lecture with a positive story of citizens getting involved even in small ways that helped their community even if it was a way to contact local politicians. Once folks get the “no way I can change this” attitude you’ve lost them."
"Another left wing loon,that has to talk politics. It gets old just tell the story leave the politics out."
"Annoying and makes women sound uneducated.  Thanks to the kardasians."
"Last season is kinda one sided. Sure injustices happen a lot, but most cops are hard working underpaid people. Maybe tell some of their stories. Also Trump  paraphernalia? Such an objective statement."
"S1 was pretty good but I thought there would be something at some point that would point to his innocence. There is not. I walked away from S1 thinking, he’s guilty as hell. S2 was just boring. S3 I don’t plan on finishing. It starts off pretty interesting with a quick case but quickly begins to divert into a who-done-it murder case that just drones oooonnn and on. I’m just going to go ahead and finally unsubscribe."
"There’s a reason why she picked these specific cases. It’s because she can cut, splice, and edit them in such a way that it will make for a good story. Choose to interview who she wants to interview until she has one that fits her narrative better. She makes sure she emphasizes that she doesn’t believe the testimony from law enforcement, yet sides with the suspect and doesn’t even consider that it’s a possibility he’s lying. I’m all for the truth, and if the police are in the wrong they should held accountable, but when there is clear bias that lets me know this podcast is not credible."
"Season 3 is so blah. All over the place and hard to follow since it really isn’t that interesting.  Good for a few episodes but no need for 9."
"It was too big how do I return it"
"Loved season one. Couldn’t get enough. Very interesting story. Second & third seasons- not my cup of tea and just not as interesting. I wish they’d do future seasons like season one."
"Every episode is full of criminals. They have no regard for the law. Drugs, fighting and so on. It never ends. I get the abuse by law enforcement is wrong and needs to be stopped. I would move out of the city if I kept getting harassed. I wouldn’t be aging street parties smoking weed and driving around with alcohol. Plus no license.  Report where there is a problem not where the criminals keep breaking the law!"
"Season 1 (Adnan Syed) was really great.  But the information in Season 3 is presented in a very biased way. It made me stop listening after Episode 3.  It’s a shame."
"All I got out of this pod cast was, it’s everyone’s fault except the criminals. They are the victims of a bad justice system...well, live right and don’t become a part of it. Stay in school, get a job, raise your kids and be a good citizen. It’s not rocket science."
"Not balanced"
"I really enjoyed the first two seasons however I stopped listening to season 3 after the first couple episodes. It made me cringe listening to all of these criminals speak and act like they are the victims, ESPECIALLY the ones who are in and out of court on a consistent basis. You aren’t a good person  if you abuse government funding, have too many kids you can’t support who end up going into the system, have a drug problem and constantly cry for help but refuse to help yourself and commit crimes and end up in jail repeatedly.  Sarah trying to defend them and blame the justice system is absolutely appalling, I agree that not every government official is fair and there are some corrupt people but nothing I heard in the episodes I listened to made me believe those particular officials are corrupt, clearly those people are criminals."
"WOW! Just WOW! There stats are made up, most are. They bring up some good points but I don’t think they are listening to the people they are victimizing. The one young man said it best. You don’t know him, he did what he did because he saw something he wanted and he took it. Sarah vilifies the police but the criminals who attack them and verbally abuse them are just acting out at an unjust system. Two wrongs don’t make a right. We respect our civil rights leads who didn’t take the low road. This piece does a disservice to them."
"Loved the first two seasons, especially season one. I wish she’d go back to that type of story and reporting. The second season was pretty good but season 3 is not. I stopped listening because it was just bashing the justice system, police and investigations, assuming everyone is being mistreated. Very skewed in how it was looked at and the reporting. Please go back to being like season one!"
"I’m so disappointed. Season 1 was good but then it spiraled down. Disappointing"
"This has the potential to do so much good and bridge a gap, to truly provide knowledge of a system that is misunderstood on so many levels because it’s not as public as some would like. Here we find that the narrator is given an opportunity and unprecedented access to people on both sides of the court room, but instead of truly laying out the facts as they stand and playing out actual interviews, we find the narrator giving synopses of recorded interviews and drawing the conclusions for us. Why not lay out the facts and let viewers draw their own conclusions based on all the information you have gathered, or... would that not fit the agenda here ?"
"Disgraceful. This podcast defends, justifies, and even glorifies criminals. These people have no jobs and use crime as there source of income to pay for there drug addiction. While you tear down by name every judge and police officer in the jurisdiction. You put your life on the line every day then you can criticize. Disgraceful, slanted journalism for the sake of a story."
"Season 1 set a high bar.. by season 3 I was listening just waiting for it to lead somewhere but.. honestly, when she started saying murderers shouldn’t serve more than a handful of years .. I’m thinking she should go tell victim’s families this opinion of the poor, neglected murderers being supported by tax dollars. Go back to the formula of season 1 por favor 😎"
"Guilt just plain guilt all the time"
"Guilty."
"If SK could look up from her elitist hypocritical nose she’d see that this judge has the balls to tackle systemic social atrocities. The same ones she is supposedly attacking with her agenda based reporting. Yes, his bed side manner is rough, but he’s not at high tea. He’s trying to make real change in a real ugly place. So, of course, he’s a racist. Yet, somehow it’s ok for SK to point out that the court system is made up of mostly Irish folks, a few Italians, and no Jews ( I am a Jew ).  Look past the agenda SK, see the big picture."
"Very interesting and entertaining yet  VERY one sided. He did it. He was convicted twice. But they almost try to convince you he didn’t."
"Very one sided"
"This podcast used to be good. Now it stinks."
"We get it already. Super whitey host & her super whitey cohorts come to tell the world how racist whites, cops, judges, guards, are  mistreating criminal & gang member minorities for no reason except that they are racist!"
"Season 3 is so incredibly one sided. I live in Ohio, close to Cleveland, so I was very interested in listening to it. It could be really good just getting an idea of how the court system works but, what I’ve gathered from it so far; White people are bad, police are bad, city of Cleveland (police, judges) are racist"
"I don’t understand the huge buzz about this podcast. I binged all 3 seasons in two weeks. I just don’t get why people act like this is there most hard hitting podcast. No answers have been given. It is vanilla fluff!"
"Season 1 was ok. Then season two was meh. Then season three was, well, impossible to listen too. I get it, police are bad and I’m white so I’m a horrible human."
"Season one was incredible. Riveting, great story and even the end was perfect- because we just don’t know.   SK was so good and she kept her mind open but pressed for the truth. 

Season 2 was less impressive. I missed SK doing the interviews and it felt she was detached. Didn’t love the season but it is hard to avoid a  sophomore slump after season 1. 

Season 3 was just awful. Huckster journalism driven by personal agenda, cop bashing and race baiting. If SK could have maintained a professional detachment like she did in season 1 she could have done great things with this idea but she was so incredibly biased it was hard to listen to- I kept wanting to tell her to muzzle her opinion and just give me all the facts... aggravating.  I don’t know that I am interested in another season of this which is sad because season 1 so so good I have been looking for them to catch lightening in a bottle again.."
"You would think the editors of this podcast would at least want to give the appearance of objectivity, but I guess not."
"Narrator is pretty bias"
"Season 1 was riveting and really asked the audience to make up their minds after getting the facts. 

Season 2 was fairly balanced but the story wasn’t interesting and was a let down after taking years to come out. 

Season 3 took even longer to be released was so biased and propaganda-heavy that I couldn’t listen beyond a few episodes. 

This podcast made podcast popular and had everyone in the country talking. Then they made a fatal flaw of taking too long to come out with a new season and further degraded the premise that the audience should make up their own minds with a political propaganda piece. Sarah Koening really is a failed, biased journalist that got lucky with season one and doesn’t know how to run a podcast or report the facts without letting emotion take over."
"I heard really good things about this podcast. Started off very easy to listen to and interesting. 

Then it just made me sick, Sick of the white people are bad, police are bad story."
"Loved the first 2 seasons. The facts were stated and story told. The third season clearly has a political agenda. Not interested in the police officer hating and white racism."
"Bias liberal trash"
"I couldn’t even stomach finishing the episode discussing community policing in Cleveland. Instead of learning about law enforcement relations, and how LE operations generally WORK, she chooses to take a flying leap into the abyss of finger-pointing leftist with a slice of racist accusations. Stick to impartial journalism, and sharing the stories of others. Otherwise you’re alienating a large amount of listeners."
"there's no story here, just whining from
defendants in criminal court - no actual story at all!!!"
"Season 3: I couldn’t finish listening. I feel these stories are told with incredible bias. Every situation and case was completely downplayed as if every person being charged was 100% innocent. I couldn’t buy into all of the excuses."
"Seasons 1 and 2 were riveting. Season 3 explodes into some leftist rhetoric where all criminals are excused for their behaviors while all hard working men and women in uniform are portrayed as racist and out to beat the public.  The propaganda in this last season is transparent and disgusting."
"This podcast has gone completely off the rails. Every episode is about the suspect is innocent and the cops/justice system is wrong. She literally paints convicted criminals, who admit they’re in gangs, doing drugs, etc....and tries to paint them as angels. Blames everything in the system and racism. Don’t j silt the profession by calling her journalist, because she isn’t."
"Season’s 1 & 2 were great! Season 3 is so biased and pandering. She’s too easily swayed by the streets."
"As Sarah says “Here goes”...
(I swear if I hear that phrase one more time I will loose my mind) Good journalism is non biased. The journalist leaves their own opinions out of it. They look for facts, they look for the truth and they desire to do good and help benefit the people they’re researching. Sarah is not a good journalist. Her tone says “My opinion is right, I’ll agree to disagree but I’m obviously right and very much judging you for your choices”. It’s offensive, and downright annoying. Her snooty know it all attitude made me finally quit listening out of rage halfway through season 3. She’s pushy and rude to those she interviews and has NO respect for them, their lives or their stories. Her only motive is her selfish desire to uncover the juiciest details and make a good story for podcast. It’s evident that she’s not doing this for the people she’s interviewing/ researching but only for herself. 

I have no idea what Brit and Ash heard when they listened to this podcast because I expected so much more from Serial and was disappointed and disgusted from what I heard. Don’t waste your time."
"Seasons 1 and 2 were solid.  Season 3 is pure Liberal schlock.  Just whiny pandering in the same vein as CNBC."
"I listened to the 1st and 2nd podcasts and LOVED them. In a way I felt like you guys took the fame you got and used it to make a political message on your 3rd cast. People listen to podcasts to get away from all the monotony and constant talk about politics. Their are plenty of other podcasts out there that did what you did in the first and second seasons so it’s not too hard to find someone new. Just thought you guys should know that you’re losing fan base. Go back to your foundation"
"I learned about this podcast series from a Crime Junkies (go check them out) episode on Adnan. The first season is AMAZING. i was completely hooked so after i finished season 1, i was interested enough to listen to the other seasons. insanely biased and weird. did not like 2 & 3 at all."
"I was never a podcast listener until someone turned me on to serial and absolutely loved season one. Season two was pretty interesting until around the middle where her opinions started to show more and more each episode. It is no longer a unbiased podcast - I enjoyed this because it was fact driven not because I want to listen about someone else’s opinions. Completely disappointed on the political agenda she is now reporting, she also is clearly emotionally inserting her feelings into the podcast. I won’t even listen to season three because of the way she ended season two."
"I used to enjoy this show when it investigated cold cases. The political agenda is evident, and while I agree the criminal justice system has many problems that need to be critically looked it, it vilifies both police and lawyers (prosecutors and defenders). A more objective view would make this podcast far more enjoyable. Overall I would not recommend this show anymore, maybe I’ll try again next season."
"Season 1: Super solid.
Season 2: Pretty good, bias and political agenda start to seep through towards the end.
Season 3: Mind-numbingly biased.

Pretty wild how you can go from top-tier podcast to obnoxious, politically driven opinion journalism so quickly. Bummer."
"2 stars for at least not being boring. Had much higher expectations based on what’s is read online. Narrator was more interested in portraying her views than giving a thorough overview of the cases, which would be fine but that was not the way it’s presented."
"Season 1 was good.  Season 2 was interesting but she was far too tolerant of the Bergdahl situation.  He does not deserve forgiveness for what he did.  It doesn’t matter if a soldier lost their life while searching or not.  The point is he abandoned post and put so much at risk because he was butthurt.  Season 3 is incredibly biased.  A criminal is a criminal.  There are far more upstanding cops and judges than bad ones."
"This is a great podcast for left wing activists that want to further reinforce their confirmation bias but calling this journalism is utterly dishonest.  Well produced propaganda for the far left tribe masquerading as journalism.."
"I really liked the first 2 seasons but the 3rd season is an absolute atrocity. The whole season is quite ironic because it’s about “inherent basis” but they believe people with criminal records over men and women who risk their life everyday. Try being neutral...you are promoting the police state narrative...you are sowing discord"
"Liked season 1, lost me at season 2, he committed treason. Season 3, lived near Cleveland for 14 years, the coverage again is a liberal bias.  People have to be accountable for their behaviors, along with communities, legal profession and government.  There is no accounting for community in season 3, just placing blame strictly on prejudice.  Time for the “investigator”, to read more about crime statistics and race.  May I suggest Heather MacDonald’s work."
"Season 1 was absolutely outstanding. There were parts where it sounded like you had feelings for Adnan, but it didn’t take away from the journalism. By the end of Season 3, you completely embellish the facts to push your leftist agenda, and in doing so, create racism that further divides us as people."
"First and foremost, Sarah is a storyteller. She is not a crime journalist, nor is she an investigator. However, to exclude all of the facts that clear Adnon’s name is atrocious. There are several inconsistencies that this series fails to point out. Although it did a good job setting the scene of the case, it was not a fair review of the case and it caused several to believe he was guilty because of skewed evidence."
"These stories are thought provoking but they’re very clearly liberally biased. I like thought provoking questions but every episode seems to spill over the limit of unbiased reporting. I see where the narrator is going to take the story after the first 3 minutes. It’s all anti police, anti justice system, etc..that’s an old boring horse to beat."
"A Season 3 was about was the Liberals pushing their views.  No one every talked about all the bad choices and decisions these people made."
"Season 1 was superb! Enthralling, entertaining, suspenseful... I hate that I can’t say as much for the other two seasons! Season 2 I would say was a fair shake towards the subject! However towards the end of the season the liberal leaning agenda begins too bleed through! By season 3 the social justice warrior mentality is in full swing! It honestly ruined a great podcast for me... you wanna report on those type stories, I’ll listen, as long as it’s from an unbiased standpoint! Season 3 honestly feels like a 3rd Obama term, more stagnation, more racial division, more forget the law and do what makes you feel good about yourself! It’s a hard pass for me from here on out!"
"Season 1 was incredible, and for lack of a better work it was impossible to stop listening to it. 

Season 2-3 .... seemed biased and an agenda trying to be pushed.

Please go back to the mystery and decisiveness of the first season."
"Season 2 and 3 quickly become a bully pulpit for liberal politics. All of the standard SOP’s of White Privilege, Xenophobia, Class Warfare etc. (Interestingly set in cities that have been completely owned by liberal politicians for the last hundred years). But season one is very entertaining."
"Season 1: Interesting with the feeling that there was an attempt at genuine impartiality in order to determine facts of the situation and a look at both sides. Generally I feel this is due to being indecisive about the situation and, therefore, couldn’t proceed from a biased standpoint. 

Season 2: I couldn’t stomach this right now. As the spouse of a medically retired Veteran, I just couldn’t. Perhaps I will try again in the future. 

Season 3: Biased. I stopped at the point where she was trying to advocate for one side of a story to be taken seriously while scoffing at another person’s concerns only moments earlier. Disappointing.  A genuine look does need to be taken where our justice system is concerned, but proceeding from a confirmation bias standpoint will not get us there."
"The podcast has no definite end and is a waste of time and brain power."
"Unremarkable in every way"
"I often heard other true crime podcasts recommend Serial so I put it in my queue.  Boy was season 1 torturous.  There was to much of the narrating repeating what others said verus recordings of what they said so most of every episode was  pretty much exclusively the narrator speaking.  It was hard to connect on a personal level to follow the story and find out the truth.  It wasn't very engaging.  I got 2 episodes into Season 2 and realized I didn't want to waste my time or energy trying to follow the stories.  Not even going to give Season 3 a chance."
"Season 1 was riveting and original. 

Season 2 was biased and a re run of a story already told. How can you possibly defend Beau Bergdal? 

Season 3 was bashing Cleveland’s justice system. Really? Go to NY, Chi, LA and you’ll find worse times 10."
"Ugh. A murder case focusing primarily on the trial and a phone calls interviews with the accused killer. Very dragged out and repetitive. Uninteresting case. Nothing unique or out of the norm for murders. Absolutely no ending. Very basic. Nothing unusual or thrilling, “if you know what I mean” haha"
"Season 1 just sounded like a girls diary of a guy that she thinks is innocent but is attracted to. I feel like every interview with Adnan, Sarah is flirting and charmed by him. Not really into being attracted to accused killers. 

Season 2 was just eh. I think it could have been summed up into 3 episodes."
"I listened to a few of the episodes. Content was good at first when the facts and events spoke for themselves, but it turned into a soap box so social justice. It was a waste of my time."
"Not sure how this became a popular podcast, a lot of lobbying for someone who very likely committed the crime. Incredibly boring and doesn’t really come to any sort of satisfying ending."
"I first came upon this podcast during season 1. I was fascinated with it like one is compelled to look at the aftermath of a bad wreck on the highway. As much as we try to look straight ahead we find ourselves looking out of the corner of our eye. 

However as the season continued I became very aware of what I am presuming is Ms. Koenig’s blissful ignorance to her own biasses. Listening to her take the word of anyone that bolstered her views on the particular matter at hand while completely ignoring the other side has become laughable. 

Now in season 3 Me. Koenig has become a caricature of herself. Sadly as much as I found some entertainment value in the podcast, usually in the form of laughing at the blatant ignorance being broadcast, I can no longer partake as I now just find it to be repetitive and boring. 

Listening to Ms. Koenig cajole her targets is like listening to an enabling parent coddle a child. To the uninformed I can see why this podcast remains entertaining, and I don’t have issue with that. As for me I have grown tiresome of the infantile views presented and have listened to my last episode."
"So the convicted claims he’s not guilty. That’s a shocker. And SK jumps through hoops to present “facts” (circumstantial evidence) to “prove” his innocence. At one point she claims he’s not guilty because she “just can’t see it” after getting to know him. This is nothing but a load of SJW bs."
"This podcast spends its first season trying to gain sympathy for an obviously guilty killer"
"If you view the world as race and gender this is for you!!  Do you hate white men? Then give this a listen. Absolute garbage."
"This girl is the wokest! Long live Judge Gould!"
"Season 1 was amazing, Season 2 is a snooze-fest. Mildly interesting but just not enough there to dedicate an entire season to."
"The host obviously goes out of her way to see racism in every aspect of life.  I enjoyed season 1 of Serial but this season is from a very anti-police point of view.  Would not recommend."
"Unsubscribing a mere 2 days after signing up. Liberal(which is not a criticism, just a fact), one-sided(here is where the criticism is)… Nothing but freely criticizing cops and judges, the courts, the legal system, yet deciding to hold back some of the criticism about the CRIMINAL OFFENDERS because it’s “not fit for repeating.” Pffft, this kind of narrow minded thinking is what’s keeping our country so polarized.  Buh Bye."
"Ridiculous"
"The content is excellent but as someone starting in Season 1 I have an awful time coming back and finding the next episode. Other podcasts manage to do this - wish this one would too."
"Apple, considered THE most cutting edge tech company, puts out an app that can’t sorted or filtered?  Very lazy, half-assed effort."
"Every time I try to listen it is all over the place. You can’t listen from oldest and in order. When I open the app it doesn’t remember where I was. Very frustrating."
"The first two seasons were good but season 3 got woke with its identity politics. I unsubscribed."
"Listened to this when it first came out and loved it, completely agreed with her points and believed that adnad was innocent. Recently I got back into it (season 1) and started to pick apart the flaws in his story. I did some research and the state DID have a decent case against adnad. One of the most confusing things about him, and what really makes me side with jay, is that HE CANNOT REMEMBER ANYTHING. He doesn’t even try making anything up, he just says “I don’t know” or “I probably did this.” I understand not remembering specific details, but at least when jay told his side of the story (and yes I understand that jays story has some holes in it and he can seem to be unreliable at some points) he gives a story! I understand why adnad was convicted. Also Sarah is VERY biased throughout the first season. Not going to lie though I have re-listened to this podcast many times. She is a very good journalist, but I think that she didn’t take the right stance on this case. She should have gone into without a bias and explained both sides of the story before giving her opinion (that’s what I would have liked to hear). She makes herself seem so unbiased in the beginning, but it’s obvious by the second episode whose side she’s on. Another thing that really annoyed me was that she downplays how “obsessed” adnad was with hae- and how controlling he could be. She completely brushes it off! Even when literally reading evidence of it! Anyways if you have gotten this far, I recommend you listen to the first season and form your own opinion. Do some research or, if you’re a nerd like me, look up the trial transcripts. But PLEASE, whatever you do, don’t form your opinion solely on this podcast because trust me with one google search you can find many flaws with what some of the things Sarah is saying. But overall it’s not a bad listen, again she is a great journalist."
"She does a decent job reporting but she's an obvious liberal with little ability to tell when Adnan is lying.  He continued to say ""to be honest"" and ""right"" and excuses for everything easy to see he's lying over and over."
"Season one was awesome. Quite possibly the most well produced podcast ever recorded. It was captivating and the story was well told. Despite Sarah falling for  every lie Adnan said, it was perfection. Seasons two and three are just boring. We don't have that connection or intrigue."
"Great reporting and the information is very thorough. I just ended up getting so annoyed when he would be interviewed lol"
"I wanted to listen since I’m from Cleveland. I feel she has a lot of nerve about the way she portrayed our city. Especially our court system and law enforcement. She hasn’t a clue. She seems to rely on white guilt, feminism and complete liberal thinking. She also makes the criminals seem like the victims. Never listening to a serial podcast again."
"Well done in the first season - the anti cop, anti law attitude towards the end made it less enjoyable. An unbiased point of view would have made it better"
"I enjoyed season 1. Season 3 made me angry and bored me. One sided and anti police, never getting the full story, making the police sound like a gang. From a white female journalist, promotes the divide in society"
"(Spoiler warning)
In episode 1, we hear teatimony feom the accused’s friend Jay, a weed dealer who describes, in detail, how Adnan planned the murder of Hae, carried it out, and then asked Jay to help him quickly bury the body. There are specific details of what this girl looked like in the trunk of her murderer’s car, and over 15 years later, Jay’s story has not changed. This is why, with all the tabloid journalism of this podcast and the subsequent HBO series, Adnan was denied a new trial. The podcast is interesting, but ultimately lacking."
"The “F” word thrown around randomly is weird and off...
If I have to hear “like” and “totally” one more time I’m going to puke. 
First 5 minutes I was so bored with the podcast...I felt a review was in order. Bad bad bad Boring boring boring. 
You’re welcome🤗"
"Couldn't even finish more than two episodes. The flow is terrible, and it doesn't even appear to be telling a story, just random boring stories."
"Im on Season 1 episode 5 and I’m confused why it’s still going. She’s trying to prove he didn’t do it when it’s clearly obvious he did do it. The narrator seems so obsessed with this guy that she has blinders on and wants to only talk about far fetched “what ifs”. Like at one point she’s talking about a call Jay got at 2:36 based on cell records. She argued that he never stated he got a call then....he said 2:40-2:45 but there wasn’t a call then. Ummmmmm last time I checked 2:36 is around 2:40-2:45. Lots of moments of eye rolling. Yes to me it’s clear he did it...move on!"
"Loved season 1, skipped season 2 due to zero interest in that storyline. Season 3 was total disappointment. Let’s blame the judges and police not the actual criminals. Sarah, why don’t you go for a ride along with the police in some Cleveland neighborhoods??  Might change your perspective."
"I only listened to the whole thing because my wife wanted to finish it. The story lacks intrigue, the telling of the story is amateurish, and for the most part it rehashes what amounts to a small amount of details over and over, just from marginally different angles. Don’t waste your time."
"There are some redeemable qualities regarding justice reform; however the narrator’s SJW bias bleeds through and tarnishes some good point here and there.  Too bad, it could have been an inspired look at how to advance criminal justice."
"I listened. First season is 5 stars. 
How’s the 3rd? If you like a constant reminder there are white and black people it’s good. Isn’t there more to life? Yes there is white people and black people but do you have to be reminded and told this? Get over the race relations and focus on the cases."
"Important conversation, but just call it what it is."
"The podcast is full of sad stories framed in myopic observations.

The editing is outstanding."
"Season one is awesome! Season two and three got super political. Don’t know why politics have to be involved with everything"
"The first season was great. The second okay. The third terrible. It’s a pity that the staff is so full of themselves that they can’t see it."
"Season 1 - a 10, Amazing story
Season 2 - a 4, Meh story
Season 3 - a 0, not a story at all, also not compelling. I Stopped listening halfway through the 3rd episode. It’s Sara’s biased narrative of the judicial system. Deleting the app. There are so much better podcasts, with actual stories that are compelling."
"This show was recommended by the host of another podcast I listen to called CrimeJunkie. I just got to episode 5 & I don’t know if I can listen to this any longer. 

I’m sorry but it’s OBVIOUS that this kid (man now) is guilty! (The friend too) I know you shouldn’t sit and dwell for years and years but if you’re innocent you would be fighting for your freedom!! It seems like he could care less. He never seemed sincere about his actions just pointing out how it “couldn’t have happened”. *huge eye roll*

THIS is what makes it harder for people who ARE wrongfully accused & in prison to be noticed and retried in court. 

It’s clear you’re doing this for money, (do your thang) just do more research and make sure the people are actually innocent!!"
"Compelling topics. Thoroughly enjoyed season 1 and 2 but can no longer listen to the naive reporter and story line of season 3. Each story starting around episode three or so, it seems like the person being charged is 100% believed and the system is in the wrong....I doubt they would be in these situations if they’ve lived clean, spotless lives as what seems to be inferred. Unsubscribed...."
"I’ve listened to all three seasons.  Although interesting and informative, this show seems to feed on the emotions of the guilty and focus on removing accountability of the  subject’s actions.  The third season seems to make it a race issue.  The narrator overly emphasized white judge, white cop, white lawyer, black man an trial, white mayor."
"I enjoyed season 1. Season 2 was ok. I only made it to episode 3 of season 3. This woman obviously is biased against police and the justice system. She has no idea how justice and law enforcement work. Time to unsubscribe. I’ve got lots of other podcasts to listen to."
"This new season with Sarah in the middle of everything just feels rough and uncomfortable. I’m
Not feeling it. No other season can compare to Adnan."
"I enjoyed the first 2 seasons but not the rest. Listening to the host try to subtly interject identity politics just got old. If I want a political podcast there are plenty I choose from. This podcast lost its spark and intrigue."
"I feel like I should rate higher because I am listening to it in 2019 vs. when it first comes out, but I just couldn’t get as into it as Up and Vanished. I just feel like it was a lot of going around in circles instead of learning anything new."
"Talking is just too fast"
"It’s interesting initially, but they fail to explain certain aspects of the story. For example, Jay knew where the car was. This is undeniable even if his story about Adnan is false. But no one explains how he knew this if Adnan didn’t do it. I stopped listening after season 1. Got boring"
"“A young black woman is holding a portable speaker. The white people in the elevator look at each other.” Yep, I assumed this podcast was more leftist trash. Not interested in your garbage."
"While I like the first season, the third season reveals a very anti-police, anti-white slant that I find offputting. I know police officers in Cleveland and they say that they are sick of all the black crime and if they do anything forceful to detain a black criminal, they are under intense scrutiny. The commentator practically laughs at police who say they aren't going to change anything about the way they handle crime. She thinks the way they handle black suspects is racist - when it is not. I know cops handle criminals the same - whether black or white. If anything, they are more lenient on black criminals because of the intense media bias they face all the time. So I strongly dislike the third season. Again, it's become mainstream - so controlled by a leftist agenda - which is wrong."
"Just finishing up season one. I’m left wondering about the purpose of this podcast. What is the motivation, if not to exploit the misery of the people who actually lived this saga? Too many times Sarah and Dana find too much of the proceedings funny. And exciting. This is a real life story about real people."
"This is to sympathetic to the offenders. Needs to also balance more with the victims."
"Not a fan!! I absolutely loved season 1 & 2! I couldn’t wait to listen!! Season 3, not so much!!"
"Her voice is extremely annoying and biased opinions get old."
"This series started out amazing! I was hooked on the first two seasons. Then came season three. They stopped focusing on one story and investigations and focused on cop bashing and white hating. I really wanted to keep up with this series but it’s clear they let political clement change the show."
"First, the production quality gets 5 stars. But Sarah, in her quest to find wrongs in the justice system (and there are) determines everyone in the justice system is racist all criminals are innocent victims of said system. Of course there are injustices - and that’s terrible.  
But as Sarah is talking about racism, she doesn’t hesitate in putting down “the Jews,” “the Italians,” and “the Irish.” Really? Newsflash it’s wrong to stereotype anyone. But in Sarah’s view, it’s okay to stereotype Jews, Irish and Italian “white guys?” Disappointing. And also not interesting. It’s just another so-called reporter/journalist trying to be the news instead of reporting it."
"I heard good things about this podcast and enjoyed S-Town so I thought I would like this one and decided to try it out. The more I listen the more I was just waiting for some plot twist and something that would turn this whole story around but the whole story is speculation and has no ending. It was captivated my enough to make me listen but I was not impressed."
"Shame on all the white people...in a nutshell"
"Really?  Eight hours listening to season 1, led to believe there was an innocent man imprisoned for murder, only to discover he was guilty all along.  There’s no story here!!!"
"First season great, rest of seasons are more opinion instead of reporting.  Example she says “I’m not going to dignify his comments by repeating it here”.... that’s her deciding what we should and shouldn’t hear instead of presenting both sides."
"LIBERAL"
"With so many innovative, creative and informative podcasts, this is the most popular? Take the tired old This American Life formula of a a drowsy narrator with a dreamy music background (what would TAL be without Bill Frissel?) to puff up an otherwise semi interesting story. Go to college America, take some liberal arts courses. You can do so much better."
"Season 1 was great, season 2 was ok and season 3 was TERRIBLE.  The preachy and biased report was embarrassing.  The constant sympathy for EXTREMELY violent and habitual offenders without even a mention of their victims? That’s reporting?She was obviously pushing an anti police officer/justice system agenda without reporting both sides."
"Season 3 is trash. What the judges and accused say is construed in whichever way Serial would like it to look for that specific case. This season is full of racial rhetoric with little to nothing that backs up these claims. I feel sorry for the people who were recorded for this piece. Their words are taken way out of context. Don’t waste your time"
"Save yourself 8 hours of listening to some girl talk about if she thinks a guy killed someone without ever proving anything. Major let down."
"I listened to Season 1 and was riveted, although I think it posed some major ethical problems. Season 2 was less interesting but I think I listened to the whole thing. I also only made it through the first 3 episodes of Season 3 before unsubscribing. It was less about stories and more about Sarah Koenig’s opinions. She often sounds very condescending. Not appealing as a narrator. I’m out."
"So the moment where the clip of Judge Gall is played ranting at a defendant after listing a long list of crimes spanning many years, the list of crimes of which isn’t played, and summed up quickly as an afterthought. 

Good example of the attempt to gloss over terrible things criminals do in a cutesy way, and to frame those in the other side of the law as villainous figures. So ridiculous and obvious. 

Rayshauns endless rap sheet and riding around while friends shoot a gun out of his car is just a bit of young fun. Rayshaun was actually trying to protect people. Not kidding.

Judge Gall is even called a “slave master” for sentencing him.

Vomit worthy. Why is everything contaminated with a lop sided and blind sjw zealotry.  

It’s almost as bad a season ones painting of a murderer as a sweet little kid. I just can’t."
"Not to take away from their research and the quality journalism put forth, listeners should know they're getting into a completely different show each season after the first, and it may not be what you're looking for."
"Season one and two were awesome. Detailed and very opened minded. Season three, very liberal views, race bait comments and anti police views. Had to stop on episode 4"
"I'm not a fan of season 2 or 3 and I barely hung on for season 1. I find this podcast frustrating to listen to the nonsense she's spewing."
"These are typical far left anti white male propagandist. They always bring up race when it’s a white on black issue. When it’s a black on black issue they are sure to say how much worse it would have been if a white man worse there. According to people like this every white man who doesn’t walk around apologizing for being white is a modern day hitler. Keep race baiting npr."
"I didn’t mind 1&2, but 3 is annoyingly too left for me."
"Make no mistake, Miss Koenig is a social Leftist, and even a cursory listen reveals this all too frequently. This is not a critique of her view, but her beating the listener over the head with it.

At the end of Season 3, she “waxes poetic” about her “suggestions for change. Much of her rationale she could not have gotten from her reporting experience, and her strong bias shows. So if you are willing do do the work of filtering out her bias, this is can be informative.

Also, her unprofessional crass, course (profane) language is extremely  off-putting, as she mirrors the criminals she follows through the system. The criminals curse harshly (f-bombs, s-bombs) and though they should mute these, they do not. But they do warn you that it’s coming...

....what they do *not* warn you about is that SHE....the hostess....drops her own set of f-bombs, s-bombs with u fortunate regularity. Very unfortunate, and unprofessional.

Advise, in summary, for season 4:
(1) No cursing (mute, don’t bleep out...this only draws attention to it), and certainly none from the professionals

(2) No bias. The listener oughtn’t be able to tell your POV so readily...preferably not at all. This can, and should be done, and would elevate the quality of the podcast.

(3) Stick to the facts, not your gossip about one thing or the other. It's unbecoming of a professional (ties w/ 2)."
"If you love felons you’ll love this"
"The first season was so good 
The second season was so bad.
The third season is just thinly veiled political activism.  Literally not worth listening to.  

I wish they’d have another season like the first season, but don’t waste your time beyond the first season"
"The last season of Serial was disjointed. Instead of telling two stories in one episode and confusing the audience, they should have kept it one story per episode. The Adnan season was the best, and every season after that has not been as interesting. The actual subject of the last season, the juvenile court system, was eye-opening. But none of the characters in the episodes since Adnan have captured the audience’s attention like Adnan did."
"I’m so disappointed in Season 3. Clearly you hate cops and support criminal behavior. Cool."
"Listened to season 1 years ago and it led to me listening to tons of other podcasts. It was very enjoyable to listen to. Season 2 was pretty frustrating because they are glorifying a deserter but I still listened to the entire season because what the guy went trough was interesting. Season 3 may as well be a political podcast. The women sets the tone in her opening monologue about just how SJW this is going be. Setting white people up to be evil, black people as oppressed, ect. Why not just tell the story and leave your political views out of it??"
"The shift from the first season, about the most famous case of a missing child in US history and how the police botched the investigation to season 3, which I guess is about inherent bias of the Criminal Justice system is nauseatingly annoying and self righteous."
"Another effort to push liberal propaganda."
"As a veteran I was on the fence after season two but season one was so good I downloaded a couple of episodes of season three for a road trip. I barley made it thru two and half episodes before I had to stop. Sarah really let her bias shine in this one.  They should rename the three seasons of Serial:
The Good,
The Bad 
and The Ugly. 
I’ll never listen again."
"Couldn’t make it through the 1st episode of Season 3 without being bombarded with political talking points and laughably bias feminist, anti-white narrative. Another series spoiled by self-righteousness masquerading as virtue."
"It gives out a lot of information but it’s super boring and bland."
"The series is well made and well produced, I just get tired of blatant political agendas and narrative pushing in what’s supposed to be objective journalism."
"Sure it is depressing to listen to the malfunctioning of The Cleveland court system. However I get a sense Sara wants to be cool by getting it on with these criminals and lowlifes (how else show I describe them?). What is the point of their lives when they chose not to go to school, don’t feel obligated to support themselves or anyone else, are shooting, fighting, robbing. I have no sympathy for them, can’t justify anything they do. I’m tired of listening and thinking how do we get rid of these people for whom we have this dysfunctional court and police system."
"I somewhat enjoyed the first season. I had no interest in the second season, but was hopeful for the third. I couldn’t even make it through the first episode it was so bad."
"Can't bear to listen to season 3.  Too much SJW."
"Listening to season 3 and had to stop midway through episode 5. Sarah Koenig’s obvious love for violent offenders is just too much for me. Thinks 10 years in prison is adequate for cold blooded execution style murder. Misguided empathy in my opinion. Maybe the families of the victims deserve better??"
"The first two seasons of this podcast were phenomenal. This one however is another story. It seems like they can’t stop talking about race and how corrupt our police are. I’m definitely not interested in this narrative. These are the kind of messages that divide us not bring us together. very disappointed."
"Season 1 was good, season 2 and season 3 the true colors shine through. Just an opinionated social justice campaign."
"I waited for two years for season 3 after being riveted by the first 3 seasons.

The facts are presented and you hear both sides, BUT we have to listen to the reporters view on everything - her very leftist view, that quite frankly if the goal is to make people think about what’s going on, she should keep to herself.

I am willing to hear of the problems, but don’t present this as blacks people are victims and all the white people in government are out to get them. It’s just sad."
"I really tried to get into this. But I had to stop during episode 3. This podcast has turned into a typical liberal pedestal. I’m sure I’ll be labeled for saying that 

It is starting to look like season 1 was a fluke after the flop of season two and covering a traitor and the liberal bias of season 3. 

Unsubscribe"
"First, I should say that I will continue to listen. I am a minor podcast masochist that will still listen to ideas that I disagree with or believe are wrong. I try to broaden my perspective at the cost of my own discomfort. 

Second, I am part of the criminal justice system, so my perspective/experience is different from the ones in this podcast. 

As far as the podcast goes, it is well done and it tells a compelling story, but... I feel that is all that it is. 

It is not a balanced report and levels baseless accusations like saying family of judges get free rides without any analysis. 

I would prefer a balanced approach and they had all the tools being Cleveland gave such access. Too bad it feels so biased."
"This used to be an awesome pod cast with solid journalism reporting. Unfortunately, this most recent season became nothing more than a pathetic agenda of police bashing, race baiting, and liberal propaganda.  The reporter has an obvious bias against law enforcement and authority that is highlighted front and center in just about every episode.  The whole thing becomes lazy and mimics the nonsense spewed from main stream media on a daily basis. What a shame."
"I've been listening to this podcast since the first season, and for the most part, find it enjoyable.   Like many others on here, I really enjoyed Season 1, in part, because there was nothing like it at the time.  There have have been imitators that are garbage(Up & Vanished, anyone?), yet Serial is the one I stuck with.  Season 2 wasn't as engaging, but was still a worthwhile listen.  Season 3 is by far the weakest.  It's not engaging, and very biased.  It veers on ""social justice warrior"" territory, which is unfortunate.  The criminals, admitted criminals at that, are repulsive, yet Sarah seems to want the listener to sympathize with and even feel sorry for them.  Social Justice garbage has unfortunately weeded it's ugly, unwanted head into this otherwise good podcast.  The quality is still top notch, but I really hope Season 4 returns to its roots.  The social warrior, anti-police content that is Season 3 isn't going to cut it."
"This season has highs and lows. There is no doubt that the criminal justice system is often inequitable and needs reform. However, cherry picking cases and suggesting that a kid that committed armed robbery shouldn’t be punished soured me a little on this season. Sarah comes off as an apologist... her tone is anti-police, anti-judge, etc. If you’re up for hearing that, this is your podcast."
"Seasons 3 feels very biased as if all those accused are actually victims of the system. The majority of them she admits are career criminals and yet she wants us to be sympathetic to their plight."
"Stick with what made this a great podcast. Start doing seasons like the first one again. Second season was meh, the third while good in its own way and had good intentions it doesn’t really hook you. It’s more of a casual podcast now at best."
"I made it to episode 3 then had to stop. They couldn’t make more of a 1 sided opinion piece if they tried. This is all about trying to make things about race that have nothing to do this race and everything to do with statistical data. Facts are facts whether you like where they point or not. Don’t waste your time with this garbage."
"This is for season 1 only; I’ve heard season 2 and on are better but Sarah Keonig is frustrating to listen to. She is oblivious and condescending. For instance to one of the high school friends “wait did you say you stole c.d.s from Best Buy?! ::scoff!::”. Or to the woman on the jury who said everyone has someone in their life like Jay who can get them out of trouble, “I just scanned all the people in my life and I can’t think of anyone, they’d all be useless at that.”  Sarah is rude and drummed up drama for her own benefit. I guess law students got some experience reviewing an old case though."
"Not only does this podcast last suspense, but  it’s hard to feel sorry for Deb as she seems willfully naive and the daughters are so bland and low-energy (even when describing absolutely horrific events)that listening to them is difficult."
"Loved season 1, podcast hall of fame, season 2 took a shot but missed, season 3 a biased political hack job.  Adnan gave Sarah her one hit wonder, no doubt now that Sarah is innocent."
"For an arguably great storyteller, Sarah Koenig has only offered us one truly good season of Serial (season one). Two was unlistenable and no one cared about the protagonist. Three was a mess of poor, slow timing, a less than compelling storyline and an overly emotionally invested Sarah. She closes by offering a few lame “don’t do this” suggestions in the last few minutes of the season about how to supposedly reform the justice system. I am someone who enjoys studying justice reform and Sarah has added nothing to the conversation. I’m sorry, This American Life, but you gotta revamp this podcast."
"This is painful. It’s sad because once you realize how truly boring this podcast is you’ve already wasted valuable time. Koenig is practically gushing over Sayed waiting for a conjugal visit. Any detail that shows he’s a “good man” is highlighted yet not corroborated with facts while a rumor of how heinous he can possibly be is left as untold because it’s unsubstantiated. Very biased reporting and this story could’ve been told in 3-4 episodes not the mind numbing 12. I 30 second’d through the last 4 episodes and have no desire to listen to the retrial. I don’t know if he’s innocent or guilty and this Podcast did him no favors. Let the participants in the story talk and stop rehashing the last episode into 3/4s of the next. Dr Death got it right and has spoiled me to expect that caliber of production."
"Season 1 gets five stars
Season 2 gets four stars
Season 3 wasted hours of my life. I kept waiting for it to get good. I kept waiting for her to report anything less biased. Man, what a disappointment. And the last episode?! Let down is an understatement"
"Just another series by young, bleeding heart liberals. Yawn."
"Disappointing in comparison to Seasons 1 & 2. Did not hold my interest."
"Worst podcast ever! Filthy language and all!"
"Excellent production, editing and sound, but definitely a heavy political slant to the show; far left of the center.  Season one and two were pretty solid but the entire season three seems to be about defending criminals and humanizing even the worst offenders, as if they’re the real victims and not the actual victims themselves. Her whole bleeding heart routine from the 1st to 3rd season is for the benefit of murders and criminals; obviously she’s too sheltered to have ever been a victim herself."
"Season one was soooooo good it hooked me in instantly! I listened from front to back and I actually listened to it twice to make sure I didn’t miss anything. Season two was hard to follow with interest as we already knew most of the facts that were being told. Additionally there was no mystery or wondering. It was just a retelling of the story that’s already been told which was in the limelight of the news. Season three was boring completely. I listened to the whole season just to make sure that I wasn’t missing anything or to see if it was going to get better after the first couple episodes... that didn't happen. I’m on sure as to why this podcast ventured away from how they took to season one. I hope that season four will be laid out and have similarities to season one regards to being a mystery and an untold story."
"Needs to return to focusing on specific cases as in Seasons 1 & 2. Although Season 3 was insightful, it didn’t grasp my interest like the previous. Thank you for all you do!!"
"Season 1 was great. This season is bad. Sara and team are way too pro criminal. Sara tries to defend people that perform armed robbery with a gun. Be sensible."
"I enjoyed season 2.  But as a detective working in a big city police department for over 10 years, I found season 2 very biased towards the liberal minded, narrow minded line of thinking that everyone else is to blame except the person committing the crime.  While I agree that certainly people in positions of authority hold those positions that don’t deserve them....still doesn’t negate the fact that throughout season 3 Sarah constantly minimized the crimes committed by the subjects in the series, almost never included interviews and perspectives of law enforcement on the criminal justice system, and places ALL the burden of the ills of society on the “system” and never the criminal.  In my jurisdiction a policy of rehabilitation and leniency is taken, rarely ever punishment... (as Sarah suggests) in the court system and we have the highest murder rate in the country. Welcome to Baltimore."
"I really wanted to like this podcast.  It’s so boring.  Too many episodes filled w/ too much information that isn’t needed. Need to go back to drawing board.  

Also need more interesting crimes."
"Sara, you lost me at Season 3. I kept listening, waiting for the rhetoric to change, hoping that at some point you’d share something from the other side...but despite your claim, this IS absolutely one-sided, biased reporting. You’ve completely lost sight of who the victims are here. Shame on me for hoping at some point you’d shed new/different light instead of adding to the political divide. There’s enough of that already. 
My note for your suggestion box would say this: We are smarter than you might think and we know you can do better."
"Season 1 was was intriguing - 5 stars, season 2 was a step down but ok, season 3 is really disappointing...started off well but the last few episodes seem to just go in circles."
"I was really looking forward to the new season but I have to agree with other reviewers. Please go back to the previous format of investigations telling one story. Season one was addictive and fascinating. I can’t get into this season at all."
"First two seasons 5 stars, 3rd season to much spin for me."
"This last season was lost in the shadows of previous seasons. If it wasn’t for the familiar voice, you wouldn’t know this was actually THE serial podcast. Hopefully they’re able to come up with a better story in the next two years since that’s when I expect to see when the next season will go up."
"How on earth can you defend these scumbags. You started the podcast ok with season one. But this season is off the rails. I’m out"
"As someone born and raised in the Cleveland area and who now calls Boston home, I am not about to listen to someone, who in the first five minutes of a podcast, refers to my home as ""The Mistake on the lake"". Which, by the way ... ""investigative journalist"" ... was a monicker for a football stadium that was torn down 23 years ago, not something used to describe an entire major American city with. How unbelieveably classless. And I loved the first 2 seasons."
"Really looked forward to this after the first two seasons. Loved both of them.  Season three was just not interesting."
"Love the stories. Unsubscribed because they talk way too fast. I can’t listen sounds like gibberish"
"One sided and I am tired of true crime podcasts becoming social justice crusades."
"Loved the first season.  Second season was rough, but I had high hopes for the third.  From the very start, all she talks about is what color people are or what their ethnicity/nationality is.  It’s just a diatribe on affirmative action and furthers the divide in our nation."
"Bo was a friggen loser. He should have been hung or shot at sunrise. Deserters do not get a break or forgiveness for putting his fellow soldiers in harms way. Had he been in Vietnam with us.... Bo would have turned up MIA."
"Season 1: her subject is guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty. And this meandering podcast got him a new trial. Imagine the anguish of his victim’s parents, who lost their teenaged daughter, only to have some nosy, self-important reporter deny them justice.

Season 2: boring.

Season 3: has complete blinders on regarding the fact that the people she’s gushing over are generally violent criminals. She gives a sympathetic interview to a convict who claims that every single charge he’s ever pleaded guilty to “wasn’t like that.” Torturing an animal? Somebody else did that and he didn’t want to snitch. Armed robbery? His friends did it, he was just along for the ride. But OMG, the judge was RUDE to him! Miscarriage of justice!

I thought I supported criminal justice reform, but if these are its advocates, man, they are naive. And it’s not harmless. Maybe interview some of their victims."
"Season 1 was fantastic. Fast forward to Season 3 and you get the reason for the 1 star. Utterly pathetic display of apologizing for the treatment of criminals that belong in prison."
"I’m not enjoying this season as I did the others. Not as tight or as intriguing as past seasons. Far from it. I’m listening but not enjoying it. My main criticism of the last episode is that I could not understand a thing Josh was saying... the moderator would respond but it was meaningless without some sort of recap of what he was saying. His language, accent and expression was inaccessible to me so I basically missed half of what was going on despite really wanting to understand him. Recorded voice was hard to discern and a “street language” that I couldn’t follow or understand. Bummer."
"They should be ashamed of themselves. Listen to this if you believe in white supremacy and are racist. It’s repulsive and disgusting how they coddle white supremacists and demonize people of color. Disgusting."
"As a fan of seasons one and two I was excited for three but it is extremely difficult to listen to. In part because of the difficult stories told but also because of the relatively biased reporting. While I am firmly against many of the actions performed by some of the police officers in these stories I suggest Sara Koenig try and perform the duties of a police officer and make a podcast about that."
"Started out good now just ohh these poor thugs!"
"Season three is just cop bashing and criminal sympathizing...  Leftists, you will love it! Keep eating this crap up and lying to yourself..."
"This podcast is so interesting and it’s obviously done with a lot of research, work and dedication. And I really really found it interesting to listen to the stories detailed. But what I found, was the insertion of opinion into the podcast, which is fully your right to do, made it to impossibly frustrating for me to listen to. I am not willing to blindly believe what any person says, regardless of how you package. There are many podcasts who detail stories, especially crime stories and do it from and unbiased approach of story telling. As a listener, I want to hear the story and decide for myself who the victims are and what I believe has happened. I don’t want to hear someone else’s bias. I do understand that’s the goal and approach of this podcast, and I just wish it wasn’t because I really liked it. I know it’s super popular, and the vast majority of the reviews are going to reflect that. I just wish I agreed. Not every criminal is a victim and no one deserves to be victimized by anyone. When will you focus or really give an attention to the victims of the criminals you spotlight? When do they matter?"
"Some of the stories are really interesting. You get an understanding of what the criminal justice system is like in other states. Don’t much care for the way the interviews are constructed they seem like they have a large amount of bias."
"This season is awful. Sympathetic to criminals downplaying serious crimes"
"Season 1 of Serial was fascinating, thought provoking and groundbreaking. Nothing even remotely like it had been produced before and it was hard not to completely immerse yourself in the story more and more with each episode. The direction they’ve gone in with Season 3 is just awful though. Another podcast about the court system. The episodes have been bland, unremarkable and just not insightful in any way. I unsubscribed and can’t bear to listen it—so unfortunate from such a talented team."
"I got hooked on this podcast extremely quick. The case is highly intriguing, leaves you guessing, and has some twists. BUT, it loses all of this extremely quick. After all the information is unloaded, there’s nothing left to discuss. There are some episodes where everything is basically repeated over and over while there is still nothing to actually point to whether Adnan actually murdered his ex-girlfriend or not. The excitement and intrigue quickly turn into frustration over the repetitive information and speculative theories."
"Disappointed with this season."
"Season 3 has left much to be desired"
"Season one was amazing! This season seems to be about racism.... so is everything else these days so It’s boring."
"This was the story that got me into Podcasts...now I feel like I have to listen to it because it was my first podcast. Season One was incredible! Season Two lacked the intimacy and Sarah appeared bored and disinterested with the story. Season Three is too political and seems to be pushing an agenda....Sarah’s agenda. Her pseudo intellectual opinions are off putting and take away from the stories. It’s ok to have opinions and be bias at times; however, in this case the content has suffered greatly. Every season has gotten progressively worse. This will probably be my last season. 
What a shame."
"The case is never solved I wasted 10+ hrs of my life listening to this garbage. I’m highly disappointed."
"My expectation from this podcast was an objective and factual examination of criminal cases, and boy was I let down. While season 1 was largely captivating (albeit with a horribly disappointing conclusion), season 3 has taken an aggressive turn for the worse. I skipped season 2 due to lack of interest, but based on the other reviews, I’d wager it’s just like what I’ve experienced with season 3 up to this point. I am 3 episodes down in season 3, and it has been nothing but a biased bashing of the Cleveland court system and police department with little to no decipherable direction or point. This woman Sarah’s anti-cop and anti-establishment mentality is alarming. I’m not going to sit here and say that our system is perfect and free of error, but this shameful and shameless agenda is dangerous. All she has done here is unfairly attempt to create resentment without offering both sides of the story. No solution is offered. It is apparent by the smug commentary that you are simply expected to agree with her as she hates on the system. If you’re a member of the liberal mob, and you want to be angry with cops, then season 3 of this podcast is for you. Otherwise, stay away."
"I’m shocked at her tone in this. Just gross."
"How did this program go so wrong since season 1?  Report your findings and stop opining."
"Season three is a disquieting display of racism from the system and from the reporters point of view. Why are you doing this pod cast? To shed light on the bias of the system? The crimes of the victims? Or are you trying to bring about change?"
"The first season was great. That’s why I gave two stars.  The last two seasons are awful.  You can sense her agenda is this podcast and it’s ridiculous.  Blaming the judges for someone’s continued criminal activity is pathetic and ignorant."
"Too bad. I once actually enjoyed their journalistic entertaining and responsible work. This is leftist propaganda that doesn’t belong in this type of program, at least in my opinion. Disappointing."
"First season was great, the rest is not worth your time."
"Seasons 1 and 2 were very well researched, engaging stories. Season 3 is thrown together, not well-organized, not a cohesive story, and pushes the anti-police agenda."
"I loves season 1&2. Sarah use to stay somewhat neutral on topics and not take sides. This season it’s obvious how liberal she is. She lost me when she thought 10 years might be sufficient for killing a baby!!! I bet she doesn’t have kids."
"I find myself fast forwarding And deleting more episodes of this season then I have any other. I don’t find this interesting at all. In fact i find it quite sickning.. Seems in my opinion like it’s a typical liberal Point of view on criminals and the criminal justice system. Let’s not blame the criminals, instead let’s blame the police, courts and white people. And peppered throughout almost every episode is the abhorrent idea that Marijuana possesion shouldn’t be a crime and there’s really nothing wrong with it.Sorry but I don’t feel sorry for people who Choose tobreak the law no matter how badly they been treated in the courts. 
Skip this season. Youre not missing much."
"I enjoyed a prior season of Serial so I thought I’d enjoy season 3 but I can’t stand how biased she is against police, to the point it’s annoying listening. I was hoping this season would be about the ins and outs of the legal system but unfortunately it’s just a string of police bashing episodes."
"Here's an idea for Season 4. Why don't you shadow a police officer over the course of a year so listeners can see what it's like from the law enforcement perspective? Maybe that would also help to explain some of the pathologies plaguing the crimial justice system today. There's a side of Season 3 that is glaringly absent...

This is a high quality and slick production that's fun to listen to, but the episodes are clearly and unabashedly trying to pit listeners against those whom the creators of Serial have already decided are the big ""baddies"" without letting listeners decide for themselves. For example, before we even hear a law enforcement person speak in episode 3, Koenig says, ""He lamely responded..."" and then includes a quote from this person. Why don't you let us decide whether his response was ""lame?"" We very well might do that on our own if you give us a chance, but force feeding us your views is both patronizing and annoying. I see from reading other reviews that I'm not the only person who feels this way. There's not much nuance here so far, and I hope things get better. I loved the first two seasons, and I want to keep loving Serial! Just give us honest and objective reporting. Let us draw the conclusions. That's what made Season 1 so great."
"I loved both seasons 1 and 2 of the podcast, but you kind of lost me during season 3. I’m having a hard time with the way most of the criminal offenders are being portrayed as victims. What about the actual victims of their crimes/offenses? It comes across at times like Sara is brushing over the crimes they’ve committed as though they are no big deal, and in one of the episodes she questions the length of sentencing for a murder as though it’s too long. I’m going to finish listening to the season because I think she’s a great story teller, but I wish this season she would have stayed a bit more neutral and not so biased towards the criminals."
"I started to listen to season 3.  I know Sara is extremely left but I put up with it because she had interesting stories.  However in season 3 episode 1 she mentions race no less than 15 times in an hour show.  I’m so sick of everything being race or politics or both.  Not worth my time.  Btw, by interjecting race into EVERY scenario, you water it down so much that when there really is some kind of racial injustice, people don’t give it the time of day.  Crying wolf to get people to listen is not my cup of tea.  Good luck to you."
"Loved this podcast and continued to listen when new issues and topics came up. However in this season three it is no longer from an outside unbiased point of view. With every case it is largely bias against the justice system and the people involved are only victims, not matter what their crime and involvement."
"Unfortunately, I’m forced to unsubscribe from Serial. I loved the suspenseful unfolding of Season 1 and the rich story telling of Season 2. Season 3 has proven to me that the value on exposing injustice is skewed as the trigged warnings are given for hate speech like “the n word” but not for equally traumatic words like “the f word” — it’s so incredibly disappointing. Hate speech, at all, is worth making the effort to single-out. Hopefully those at Serial will take this opportunity to educate themselves on what this word means within the LGBT community and give it the seriousness it has earned."
"I agree with most of the negative reviews of this podcast. They sum it up much better than I could. Sarah, the narrator, puts a bleeding heart spin on the story/episodes to fit her political agenda.
Your listeners are not here for that. If we were, we could just turn on CNN or Fox news. We are here to get lost in a murder mystery. Not to hear how you believe in the convicts, and show little to no compassion to the victim and or The families left behind. If you are really big into NPR, then you’ll probably love this podcast. I simply don’t think journalism should take either side, it should just tell the story and let the listener decide for themselves."
"Loved season one, liked season 2. Season 3 is a disgrace- all about glorifying drug dealers, criminals, and killers as long as white males/ cops get blamed. I’d love to see Sarah on a dark street at night with one of these innocent “victims” she seems to be enamored with. Wonder if the cops will seem like a fine choice then? 
When did it become a crime to be white or a cop in this country? 
And how about the many many INNOCENT people languishing in our prisons? Or is that less fashionable to report on?
Save your time and listen to something more intelligent."
"The first season was interesting but now its devolved into “poor criminal”.  Last guy had court cases all over the place but none of it was his fault. Bad system, bad cops, bad prosecutors.  Never the perps fault.  Came to court stinking of weed but he's just misunderstood."
"I loved season 1. I found season 2 very interesting. Season 3 started off interesting. I just got through The Snowball Effect episode and I unsubscribed. We are supposed to feel sorry for a guy that, by his own admission, has broken all types of laws and ends up paying for those violations. Because why?? They took a really good insight into the a flawed judicial system and showed all of their bias right smack in your face. Ridiculous."
"I enjoyed the first two seasons, and was looking forward to season 3. Unfortunately it is completely biased against law enforcement. I support reform and change with unnecessary police force, racial profiling, and our justice system as a whole. But this podcast has taken examples of cases and interviews and twisted them against law enforcement at every opportunity. Very disappointing!"
"Season 1 was great. Season 2 was ok. By Season 3 the truly one sided lovers reporting makes this impossible to listen to. Sarah Koenig constantly cuts off the people she’s interviewing and “paraphrases” as if her listeners are too stupid to form their own opinions. It’s very clear she had a liberal agenda and tailored this to meet it.  Shame - the first season which was more so factual reporting was great. Too bad the media these days can’t simply report the facts without leaning extremely left or right"
"What a crock... this podcast is responsible for a miscarriage of justice.  A very clearly guilty guy was eventually set free and a poor girl was killed because this woman could not understand how a handsome charming young guy would kill his girlfriend.  This is just terrible. The idea that some woman with financial backing of a liberal group could skew stories to sway opinion in favor of a convicted killer while abusing the memory of dead girl, tormenting her family, and slandering the hard work of the justice system.  Beyond the moral abuses, it’s just not entertaining."
"Too much Sarah talking this season. Enough with the clever little comments, not funny"
"Irresponsible reporting. At one point reporter laughs about a man getting arrested for giving someone food laced with marijuana. Like it’s funny. That kid could have died. It’s illegal. It’s not funny.  Somehow over and over the reporters are shocked that people breaking the law get arrested like its injustice. Zzz"
"Total disappointment after first 2 seasons. Not worth your time. In season 3, Sarah let’s us know that all criminals are actually victims of the police. What a joke. 
News flash- criminals may be harmed or shot by police. What a concept huh?"
"Gave completely unsubscribed now that they have gone anti-police.  So sad to see this Incredible podcast take a downturn. Done."
"Season 1 blew my mind with every minute of every episode. Season 2 was a snoozer on Bergdahl. I figured after a boring season 2 they would return to form. Nope, it got worse. Season 3, Epsiode 1; I kept waiting for the tragic turn where the girl in the bar fight’s story begins and pulls me in for a season long rollercoaster. Wrong again, sadly.  Episode 2, I lasted 20 minutes it was so uninteresting. Season 3 is like a bad episode of 20/20. Only so boring 20/20 wouldn’t air it.

Serial has gone from the model of engaging and suspenseful podcasts to left in the dust by shows like Crime Town, Up and Vanished, Dirty John, Dr Death, etc."
"Meh."
"How about Jessie listens to the police and follows the laws? These police put their lives on the line every single day! East Cleveland is not a safe neighborhood at all!!"
"S2 and S3 aren’t nearly as compelling as S1. It’s like Fruit Stripe Gum. It starts off with great flavor and then it becomes extremely bland."
"Season 1 was great, 2 meh, and season 3 seems to have police bashing theme"
"While season 3 is certainly better than season 2, It’s a struggle to get through each episode hearing how condescending the narrator has become . Much worse is the oozing sarcasm and hints of narcissism mixed in with her culturally offensive sly remarks."
"I enjoy this podcast, but the ultra-left SJW tone leaves a bitter aftertaste."
"Lady is completely out of touch with reality. Season 3 is one big excuse for criminal behavior. Journalistic joke."
"Was excited for the new season but just can’t stand the guy with the fake British accent. He just ruins it!"
"She is just too liberal for me. I don’t lean right or left, but she just seems like she is out to defend thugs and gang bangers. She is very bias in her stories and I really tried to listen. I just can’t stand the fact one minute she is making comments about how police or the judicial system is corrupt, and then the next she is on the side of thugs and criminals and saying how much she “likes” them. 

You can just tell in her voice she enjoys trying to help get the criminals get their story out there, but in reality these people have committed so many crimes across their life it’s hard to believe what they have to say anyway.  Everyone in America has the opportunity to do something with their lives, some people just chose to be thugs. No one is oppressed, but people like the woman on this podcast act like they all are and we need to give them the benefit of the doubt. No thanks.  CHOICES, make good ones.  This is America. Make good choices and you WILL succeed. Be a thug and you WILL and should rot in prison.  Believe me, everyone knows there are a lot more thugs than there are “bad cops”."
"Have officially given up on Season 3. Tried episode 6 three times but couldn’t make it through. 

Season 1 was incredible. 2 and 3 really struggle and just can’t recapture the magic. I’m out."
"I really enjoyed season 1 of Serial but the last 2 seasons just haven't been as great. While season 3 covers important topics, I feel like there's already 100 other journalism podcast that cover these topics. What made season 1 so great was it was a story nobody ever heard and it was very open ended. Season 3 is just a lot of small snippets covering the legal and justice system, none of it really that big of a surprise."
"I like Serial, a lot. But at this point I’m so livid after another week of unfulfilled promises that I’m seriously considering unsubscribing. 

Every episode is an amazing story about the problems with justice system in Cleveland (And in the US general), and every one ends with a cliffhanger and a promise to resolve that cliffhanger in the following episode. Then the next episode follows a totally different story only to end in ANOTHER CLIFFHANGER!!!

If your goal was to piss off and alienate regular listeners...mission accomplished!"
"This only serves to create more divisions in our country.   The reporting as always is excellent and the narrative captures the listener’s attention, but I wholeheartedly understand why the city of Cleveland has been tight lipped. Sure there are bad cops, bad judges, bad lawyers, bad criminals and yes, bad reporters! It sure would be nice to listen to more positive stories to inspire others with good role models. You have shown the duplicity of several of the accused in these accounts, but when is the liberal media going to understand that illegal is just that. Do you not advocate punishment for wrongdoing? It’s unfortunate and wrong that several have been convicted unfairly. But let’s move on , learn and stop belittling those who make mistakes."
"Not objective. I am a defense attorney in Ohio. And you are not objective.

Also please stop putting words in people‘s mouth‘s. Asked the question and then let them replied without you trying to dictate the slant on their answer. You try to get the lawyer to say irritated when he wanted to say obstruction."
"This used to be my favorite podcast. Sarah really started the true crime genre of podcasts. But season 3 is pitiful. It’s very skewed. Sometimes I sit here and think “does she realize she’s talking about someone who executed another person?” I’ll give it one more episode and I’m unsubscribing"
"The first season is phenomenal, which is probably why it took off. Unfortunately, the second season is lackluster: the protagonists are boring, the plot doesn’t really have any interesting twists, and the setting doesn’t pique your curiosity. 

The third season is even worse. Sarah et al. veer off into overtly political proselytizing, and the podcasts get very predictable very quickly. It’s the same old talking points you hear everywhere, with no meaningful exploration of the problems and no discussion of solutions anywhere at all. People aren’t interviewed to gain insight, instead they’re queried in the hopes of the perfect sound clip to brandish as supporting evidence of a one-dimensional , oversimplified argument. No one, including the audience, is expected to actually think about the subject matter or the message of podcast. After the fifth episode I moved on to better shows."
"I think she tells an interesting story. I wish she would have been less biased in the last season. The first season was fantastic."
"Skip season 3, listen to S Town instead of you need a good story like Serial."
"Hey Serial.  Short little stories don’t work nearly as well as the long mystery box single stories.  Ala season 1 and 2. Sarah, your reporting and writing are stellar but this format just doesn’t work as well."
"This podcast has gone to crap.  First season was great, second season was bad, third season is horrible."
"Until it went political with season 3. The views of the writers and producers are obvious in this third season. I try to avoid all political and divisive content when possible."
"After thoroughly enjoying the captivating stories from Seasons One and Two, I was shocked to find myself bored with Season Three."
"Season 3 is hard to follow and I’m failing to get the point of it. It starts of with a girl in a bar and then they talk about a baby being shot, a 3 year old being shot, a guy getting arrested for drugs, an old man on a bus, and more. It’s all over the place. I find myself zoning out while listening to it because it never gets to the point"
"Is just another leftist, liberal outlet to talk about racism and gun control. Only made it to episode three and couldn’t handle it."
"This is the most liberal podcast I’ve ever listened to. While you make some good points you basically go after the white man and how terrible he is. You go after police men and how terrible and racist they are. You are the worst for doing this because you are creating worse stereotypes that aren’t even true."
"Super bias left wing treason. Apart from the first season this pod is barley consumable."
"I am not sure this will get read, but I want to address the issues regarding police officers and their approach to criminal activity. The reporters in this series seem to think that by questioning citizens who continuously have run ins with law enforcement or questioning police officers who do their jobs to enforce the law that they now know what should be done in these difference cases. Being a police officer is much greater than one case here or there. It is a lifetime of service to a community that usually is met with hostility, disrespect, and hatred. It is one of the hardest careers that any one human being can take on. A picture and narrative has been painted that if any use of force is used that it automatically is unfair and incomprehensible. How in the world can and would an officer use force? My suggestion is to go on a ride along with officers in major metropolitan areas and see for yourself what goes on in the streets. See for yourself how officers are talked to and treated. People wonder why force is an issue, but don’t stop to wonder why? Officers, the majority of them, do not want to have to use force to get the job done, but when people don’t listen and refuse to respond to commands given lawfully by a person who holds the authority to do so, it will end in a forceful action taken by a police officer. It likely will not be pretty and someone is bound to get hurt or possible bleed. It is very rare that we see true excessive force that is charged in cases against officers, because there is usually a command that was not obeyed. 
While I enjoy listening to your podcasts, I cringe when I hear a constant disdain for law enforcement and the women and men who put on a uniform day in and day out, leave their families and serve and protect people they will never know nor will they ever get thanked for doing so. There are always opportunities for growth in law enforcement as there is in any profession. There is also a lot of room for growth on holding people accountable for their actions and lack there of. We, as a community, need to stop fighting against the people who are trying to bring order to our communities and start supporting the effort in holding criminals accountable for their actions. If there are people who are constantly in contact with law enforcement, there is a problem and I can guarantee you it’s not the fault of the police officers. 
My challenge to you all as reporters and the creators of multiple podcast’s, do more research on what it takes to do the job as a police officer. What skills, reactionary disciple and patience it takes to deal with so many challenging individuals and communities. I feel that your reporting is extremely one sided and the communication that you do share is from some guy that didn’t explain policing well at all. Maybe he did and you just skewed the podcast to make him sound like he didn’t care about the community? I am not sure? Whatever the case is, be fair in your podcasts and show people that you can in fact try to see both sides. Be a solution to what you think is a problem instead of add more fuel to an existing fire."
"Some objectivity in the reporting would be nice. I won’t try for professionalism, that would be stretch for Liberal journos."
"If you notice, the majority of the 4 star and above reviews are from the first season four years ago, and yes I agree that first season was amazing, but this new season about the Cleveland court system is nothing but a joke, like she is grasping at straws for stories that are most likely meaningless, I gave it a fair shot and listened to the first three episodes of the new season but I can’t continue, it’s a joke"
"In season three this podcast jumped the shark.  At first I thought the premise of “let’s hang out in a courthouse and just see if something interesting happens” might work.  Unfortunately with no characters or plots to become invested in, there’s nothing compelling to keep listeners engaged.  Too bad a better story wasn’t found to center a third season around."
"I’m so very disappointed with season 3.  It’s totally bias.  The narrator is a bleeding heart liberal 🤬"
"Enjoyed this series until it became a podcast on liberal values and anti-police"
"I loved season 1...season 2 was bearable...season 3 is not.  If Sarah Koenig could deliver us a story without so much personal bias maybe I could listen...but I just can’t anymore."
"Honestly, this would be great if the narrator would leave her own biased opinions out of it. But she obviously wants to push her opinions on the listener. This was recommended to me by a colleague and I was so hopeful to listen to some non-biased, quality discussion. Nope. Not here. Very disappointed."
"I absolutely loved season one. I really enjoyed how the author kept everything unbiased and very fact driven and how she could see things from both sides. 
Season two was good but the author clearly gained some confidence from season one and started projecting her own opinion on what she thought versus seeing both sides. 
Season three I had to stop listening because it was no longer unbiased and the author was clearly pushing her own agenda. 
It was an unfortunate progression..."
"I could stand the prejudice in Season One.  That’s what it was all about, right?  Then Season Two.  Meh. But I am forcing myself through the explicit bias in Season Three.  The hostess will not be happy until every identity politician hates any group that is slightly different.  You find what you are looking for.  Here’s hoping it gets better, though it usually never does. Way to glorify the criminals who blatantly feel no remorse."
"I loved the first two seasons of this podcast. Binged then both. I was excited when I heard about the topic of season three because Sarah had a chance to shed light on a very misunderstood topic. Instead, she ruins her reporting with her obvious bias and emotion reactions to her perceived injustices. Whenever Sarah does not know the answer to a question she presents, she inserts her own answer riddled with uneducated bias instead of searching to understand the true answer. I have first hand experience in this area and can say that Serial really gets this one wrong. Really disappointed in this season."
"I was part way through season 1 and they just stopped playing and it sent me the o the third season. How do I get back to where I was?"
"The podcast peaked in season 1. It is downhill ever since unfortunately"
"I thoroughly enjoyed season 1 and 2 of Serial, but season 3 is completely bias on the side of the minority. Sarah was continuously leading. Sarah, in my opinion this was not fair reporting. Disappointing."
"Sarah is convinced that every issue she encounters is a result of racial or gender inequality. Season three repeats this theme constantly. It is lazy, simplistic and one-sided coverage. If you see the world as she does you will probably be pleased. If you think independently, listening to this will further reduce your regard for journalism in general, and this woman in particular."
"Prime example on biased and opinionated journalism, rather than fact based."
"This podcast quickly goes from informative to strictly political in episode 3. Anything the “other side” says is immediately construed as the incorrect way of thinking. It’s too bad, but I guess politics these days gets clicks. Will be unsubscribing."
"Boring and smug. Give it up"
"I’m basing this off of season 3. I loved season 1, it was enthralling and allowed you to formulate your own thoughts and opinion. 

Season 2 I felt as though the narrative was a little bias and as a veteran I felt as though it was my opinion on the events as wrong, but it didn’t seem 100% intentional.

Season 3, however is one of the most biased pieces of “journalism” I’ve ever listened too. Trying to make breaking the law seem “no big deal” while applauding the propagation of slapping drug addicts who put their families second with no jail time and letting them figure it out for themselves is not journalism is being a social justice warrior. If that’s where this podcast is going then I’m out.

Using Tamir Rice and an instance of police brutality is fine; IF, that is, you’re showing the majority of cases where police were acting in the right in contrast. I’ll take the rest of this season off, since it’s obvious where it’s going, and see if the next season can redeem this once enjoyable podcast."
"Loved the first season so I really wanted to love the second and third season. The reporting is less then mediocre. Not interested in listening to people playing the victim card and not taking accountability for their own wrong actions. Move along, there are way better podcasts out there."
"I enjoyed the first season; it was well researched, produced, and balanced. The second was forgettable. The third so far is awful. As a police officer, I am offended at the representation of law enforcement in this season. A reporter, having never put a violently resisting subject into handcuffs, guffaws at the probable cause she herself solidifies in her reporting, while implying the officers should ignore it or, with the hindsight of 20/20 vision know that the reason for active resistance from a suspect is they know (but the cops do not) he only broke 1 law, not multiple. All the while not taking into consideration the safety and welfare of those who are out there on the street, putting their lives on the line to protect people. If blunt dude in the project just complied, there wouldn’t even be a case. No injuries, no report, no lawsuit. Happens every day to normal people. Report on that story."
"I was clear from the start of the pod-cast that they had an agenda to blame white males for everything they consider wrong with the justice system. Why not just admit you are prejudice against this of group and say it’s your opinion? Say that’s your cause and that the rest of this is selective facts and opinion. Sarah should try being a police officer, see how awful all these people that protect her truly are. Listen to a different side of the story that takes courage to tell. 

I think people are getting pretty sick of hearing how criminals are victims. It’s pretty cowardly not to stick up for the victims of crimes and their families because it may be unpopular. It’s clear none of these limousine liberals have to worry about being a victim of a crime themselves or have had to pursue justice if it’s politically incorrect. 

Grow up, do what’s right. Hae’s family deserves justice, you made Adnan sound innocent. While blatantly ignoring facts that only the killer or the accomplice to a killer could know which Jay and Adnan did. It’s wrong."
"My subject line says it all."
"Ive liked season 1 And listening to season 3 now. Like the finish to Season 1 and this season- I hate hate HATE - that Sarah will take “1 side of the story as 100% TRUE” even though the person shes talking to, she’ll admit that the some of the persons facts were INCORRECT from time to time but then let it go.. However all the police, lawyers, and anyone representing the otherside only giving partial stories or audio- she always questions, investigates, and ignores what they have to say as if THEY are guilty opposed to the criminals shes interviewing. Yes .. maybe this woman was locked up for being touched, but wasnt that her audio CLEARLY out of control in the police car? The guy with the blunt ( and my 4 yo) why after the fact would he come on a podcast and admit he resisted and/or got loud? First thing my 4y and any white OR black person does when caught doing something wrong is LIE or resist punishment .. If the woman and guy cooperated these stupid charges would likely not have happened, which is clearly what the police have been attempting to say. You guys are taking advantage of the majority of Americans that cant see thru the BS - You are no different than what you say the police are doing. I am white and I have been treated the same exact way in courtrooms - That does need to change. This does not only happen to african Americans or women or just in ohio."
"I liked the first two seasons, despite obvious bias, I thought she presented both sides and attempted to understand the opposite of her opinion. Not the same either the third season! She very obviously is attempting to present opinions at the expense of fact. Much less reporting and a whole lot more perspective."
"The first season of Serial was to die for. The second season was not great, I didn’t end up finishing it. Now it’s a social justice podcast which is fine, but not really what I wanted from Serial after their first season set the bar so high"
"So disappointed in Season 3 so far. They told unique, interesting stories in the first two seasons. The third season has just been the same old story that we’ve seen in the news the last few years."
"Season 1 was great. I missed 2.  But by 3, it’s turned into very biased agenda-based narratives."
"I greatly enjoyed the first season of Serial up until the last episode or two when I didn’t receive the payoff I hoped for and was left wondering Did he or didn’t he? I felt in the new episode. 

The second season was good and I understand and accept that the storyteller’s perspective will come through to some extent. This is true as well of This American Life but I have never felt it overwhelmed the story telling. Same with Serial until I get to this Season 3. Ms. Koenig does her listeners and her a great disservice because everything reported is told through her severely biased lens so unlike past seasons of Serial where there is room for listeners to make up their minds, here Ms. Koenig not only tells you the story but also tells you what you ought to think about that story. The words she chooses; the way she sets things up strikes the tone that led 60 million deplorables to vote the current clown into the White House, the pseudo-intellectual, superior attitude of you ‘if you don’t share my point of view, you’re ignorant and racist’ shines through in every one of the three episodes. 

As one who generally accepts that police violence and bias exists I was turned off by how slanted this season is."
"I absolutely loved season one and season two. Every week I wanted more and more but season three completely disappoints. In season one and two you were allowed to come to your own conclusion because the story was put in front of you with facts that had been checked repeatedly. Season three is a lot of personal opinions from the storyteller and her political views. I’m definitely not saying I don’t agree with a lot that she is saying but as a listener I would prefer to come to my own conclusion on the outcome of the story instead of listening to her tell her opinion with her rude comments all the time. Won’t be listening to this anymore nor will I be telling anyone else to follow the show."
"Unfortunate but I won’t continue to listen to this 3rd season."
"My wife and I could not get enough of the first season. Adnan’s story was incredible and every time we thought we had it figured out something new popped up. It was intriguing, frustrating, mind blowing, and very well done. Loved it and we listened to it twice. 

Second season...zero interest in what happened. Could not have cared less and what started to come through was the narrator/story teller’s bias. Much less reporting on what is and and isn't and more reporting on what her thoughts were. Seemed very reaching, but there were a few nuggets of interest. Overall, wasn’t impressed. 

Season three...good grief. Insanely bias reporting and when I go to this podcast the last thing I need to be hit with is more politics. Just finished episode three and it couldn’t be more political if it tried. I’d say it’s an even tie with reporting and opinion. She isn’t telling a story here. She’s trying to convince you of something. 

I’d say listen to the first season, then stop. Get back to stories and reporting the issues as they happened, not introducing your two cents behind every person you disagree with."
"Season 3 takes stories that have nothing to do with race and gender, and make them entirely into stories about race and gender."
"After listening with passion the first and second seasons, hearing that the third season was about to go live was a great joy to look forward to- keyword *was*. Podcasts like this being my escape from reality into an interesting, but totally real, case of curiosity, I was distraught and frankly highly upset when that escape became an echo chamber. The third season, being three episodes in, is ripe with politically leaned, SJW-type “lessons” that I am trying to escape from. It is a mockery of what the platform originally was. Deeply upset with third season. Sorry Sarah, you lost a listener for good...."
"I loved the previous two seasons.  Serial really ignited my interest in podcasts in general. This season has done the exact opposite for me. It is nothing more than a run-on political diatribe. It seems the whole world has been consumed by hyper-partisan politics and Serial is the latest victim. What a shame."
"Seasons 1 & 2 of Serial were definitely among my favorite podcasts.  I much prefer following a single case from the beginning, and this seems very disjointed and lacking in continuity.  I'm disappointed because I had been really looking forward to being able to listen to Serial again.  Unfortunately, I can't rate this season with the five star rating I reviewed for the previous seasons.  Others may find it suits them, but not my taste this time around.  The host has a way of speaking that is quite rapid and it's sometimes difficult to follow the thread."
"For sure told from liberal voice- disappointed that it couldn’t be more neutral"
"This is a joke. You should have made an entirely new podcast to discuss these issues. This isn’t the serial we all fell in love with. This is another liberal agenda podcast."
"Season 3 is really disappointing."
"I listened to Season 1 and 2 of Serial and enjoyed the stories. I heard Sarah Koenig when she was a guest on NPR’s Wait Wait and she came across as rude and bitter, she sounded as if her appearance on the show was under duress and she responded to Peter’s questions as if she had a personal vendetta with him.  Ok, could have been a bad day, on to Season 3... well, this sounds to me like a vehicle for Sarah Koenig to push her liberal agenda.  I’ve listened to 3 episodes, so far the common theme is people breaking the law, not listening to instructions given by police and being processed thru the justice system.  I don’t think anyone would disagree that our justice system is broken and needs to be fixed. But to get that point across report stories where people who HAVE NOT broken the law have to unjustly navigate the system."
"The idea, examining everyday jurisprudence is admirable but this season in no way measures up to the first two. It’s a decent survey. What’s missing is a compelling story. This season is basically a more intelligent version of any of the afternoon judge shows on television. Halfway through Episode One I opted out."
"Perhaps the best produced and hosted podcast in existence. Fascinating content and delivery. So why the low rating? It’s the political twisting for the past 2 seasons. I have no issues with her beliefs but I find very disingenuous the  way in which she presents one side of an issue without context and leaves readers to make false inferences about that side of the issue by deceptively editing the other sides contentions."
"I loved the first 2 seasons of Serial. Season 3 however, is not the same podcast and should not be named Serial. It’s turned into bashing police. Police aren’t perfect, but Sarah Koenig is clearly anti-police. She isn’t police and has no connection to law enforcement. She can’t and won’t try to put herself in their shoes. Being so biased is a major turn off. She’s turned into your everyday one sided media."
"Stories are interesting, but they put too much of their opinion in the interviews and narrative. They always argue with the individuals of authority in the stories. I typically have to shut the episodes off or skip sections because they always get too passionate and emotional and don’t let the facts lead the story line"
"She definitely has an agenda. Fair and balanced journalism, where art thee?"
"Talks way too fast. To listen any longer than 5 minutes and I feel dizzy! Canceling this podcast."
"Interesting concept for true court cases but unfortunately it’s tainted by liberal bias. Would be way more interesting from a neutral standpoint. Delivery is all spin"
"So after season one I had given this podcast a 5 star review. Now after season two and three I’ve taken stars away.  Not because of the production value or reporting, which is very good, but because of the stupid comments made every now and then. Exp: Episode 1 season three is filled with your typical leftist dumb comments about feminism racism etc. For example, the host tells the girl who is being prosecuted for battery on a police officer something to the effect of, weren’t you afraid of talking that way to a cop? And the girl responds, well no because I am a white girl. And the host says, I know exactly what she means. Then later on, come to find out the girl has a criminal record. So rather than reporting that she has been around cops for parts of her life and probably has become a bit jaded towards them this resulting in her not being afraid of speaking badly,  the host panders towards racism. Give me a break. There are other examples too but this review is getting too long. Typical liberal reporting."
"This podcast used to be great, but the new season is nothing but the hosts showing contempt for judges who want CRIMINALS to better themselves and actually raise their children. What a novel concept."
"What used to be a fantastic, evenly reported and researched podcast has become nothing more than tabloid journalism. Koenig is more concerned about convicted criminals being spoken to nicely at their sentencing than actual justice. The victims are completely forgotten, or often times, not even mentioned. Koenig reports as if these criminals have no free will and should be given a hug and told to do better. 
It’s a shame what this podcast has morphed into."
"I loved the first two seasons of serial. Amazing content, good audio, and just overall fantastic stories to listen to. I’ve listened to the first two episodes of the third season and they are riddled with comments about racial groups and the narrators belief in their supreme importance in the justice system. Comments that lay out the racial make up of the judges, and who they preside over in their courtrooms. Do racial groups factor into how cases are decided? Yes, but the comments made by the narrator make it seem as if racial groups are the most important factor. That a white Irish catholic judge is not an individual, and that he or she can’t possibly judge a case fairly that involves black people. I’m very disappointed in the comments made throughout these two episodes of season three, racial groups are made up of individuals and that’s why we all have different names. Otherwise you might as well as just call people by their race and sex, “black man, or Asian woman”. This world view is childish, and slanderous to the individuals in the story who get labeled as “old white men” with no comments to support the claim that they aren’t fairly presiding over the cases before them due to race. Not once did they pause to clarify what they were trying to say, just threw out racial comments flippantly."
"I was so excited for season 3. What I see after two episodes is just simply cringe. How can you go from great unbiased journalism to this race baited “white man” is the problem type of narrative? why don’t you go sit in a foster care facility for 6 months and see where those kids are coming from and let’s talk about real reform. Criminals are not victims, let’s talk reform sure, but as a white guy you lose me when you try to tell me I’m a part of the problem, and frankly that’s as offensive as any of those judges assuming the things they do about the victims in their courts. Spectate good from bad, just from unjust, do not separate black and white, male and female. Let’s all be humans FIRST then start the reform we all need."
"Season One of the show is possibly the most negligent and sickening excuse for ""journalism"" I've ever seen in my life. Adnan is CLEARLY guilty, and Sarah is a fraud. Awful!"
"Too political this season"
"Season 1 was a great listen. I was mesmerized from the first episode. 
Then came Bergdahl in season two. What a perfect topic for the host to make her political bias undeniable.  This man is a traitor and is responsible for the deaths of other soldiers. Sarah, however, seemed to justify his actions. I could not listen past the first episode. 
Now, season 3. Sarah starts out sounding appreciative that the Cleveland courthouse allowed her full access to courtrooms, lawyers and attorneys. She ends up talking very negatively about them all. A judge who admonished young criminals for having children they couldn’t care for was reported to an outside agency. What a coincidence this happened while the Serial
crew were there. Sarah talks with criminals post sentencing—belittling judges and making a mockery of the whole process.
Her need to state her political beliefs supersedes her desire to host an interesting, unbiased podcast. She forgot
(or never knew) listeners want to hear a story, not her political opinion."
"Within the first few mins of the first they conflate enforcements of laws with racism without any evidence and it only gets worse as time goes on.  If any white person does anything a person of color doesn’t like in court, that white person is racist!  

I refuse to be indoctrinated by these far left activists!"
"Series is full of unnecessary pot shots and emotionally charged interjections from journalists.  Disappointed with what I've heard through 2 episodes."
"The only reason I didn’t give this podcast 1 star is because of it’s entertainment value. I listen to it regularly so it would be unfair to give it 1 star. This podcast attempts to appear unbiased, but it regularly sides with criminals. This show is the “Making a Murderer” of podcasts. It leaves out almost all inculpatory evidence and brings about almost all short comings of the investigators they discuss. Much of it is opinionated as Sarah Koenig plays dumb and feigns confusion over the most rudimentary juris prudence and legal procedure. Take this show for what it is; entertainment."
"Starts off ""im not going to dis Cleveland"".. conclusion ""I guess that's what they do in Cleveland"""
"Hides behind a veil of “journalistic ethics” but in reality they are just running a disgusting hit job with a perverse agenda."
"Another regrettably bad choice by producers for S3. Yawnsville."
"Love the prior seasons so much, hate hate the loss of unbiased opinion in the third. Nothing wrong with having your own opinions, just didn’t expect it coming from serial. They told the cases in a clearly biased view, aka single out white male judges that are bad and make sure they are seen as the norm, lift up the black female judges that are good and make sure the contrast between them is seen (even though it’s a sample size of maybe 3 or 4). Exactly what they hate people doing in the opposite form. 

Side note: Does the narrator know that being acquitted isn’t the equivalent of being proven not guilty? It just means the crime couldn’t be proven BEYOND a reasonable doubt. (Hello OJ ha)"
"A bar fight juxtaposed with the narrators white privilege rhetoric.  If you love true crime painted with a tinge of white guilt, I couldn’t recommend this enough."
"Super disappointing so far.  Ugh."
"The entire first episode is slanted unnecessarily by race and gender prejudice that just isn’t there. Filled with gems like “she is a white girl so she can get away with things.” And...”the male cop believed the 5 men over the woman.” This type of feeling is based purely on anecdotes and not at all in fact.  This is pure fiction and not at all a factual “documentary.”"
"Although this season seems really well made on the production end, it’s based on the assumption that people know nothing about the criminal justice system. I don’t know anyone that ignorant."
"If you’d like to see what it feels like to view everyone and everything through a lens of race, this is your show!  
I keep giving this show a shot, i must love abuse, but every time I’m shocked at how any minute detail, regardless of lack of actual racism, can be turned into a free for all for this woman’s overly racist mind . It must be stressful and miserable in the mind of this woman, who is more racist than she realizes , to exist on a plane in which extreme twisting of any scenario into something it very well isn’t or is a stretch to believe . 
Show could have been entertaining, had she not cut every single word, phrase or meaning into what a sick mind could only imagine. 
I feel very bad for you, lady. You can’t see the forest for the trees ."
"Very divisive. Uses peoples race and gender to divide people. Arrogant and uniformed. Sophomoric ideas"
"So far the first two episodes of season 3 have been lackluster and sound like the same story told several times per episode.  I found my mind wondering several times.  I was riveted to the podcast the first two seasons and I love Sara but this has to get better for me to continue."
"The host is openly discriminatory about how the judges are predominantly Italian and Irish and when one has a Jewish sounding name she says “a name I like but the judge only married a Jewish man.” So hating on Irish and Italians 100% fine. Disgusting that Irish and Italians are STILL being treated this way and if we were Jewish she would approve.

Awful. Beware. Host openly hates Irish and Italians."
"I know it’s a shocker, NPR has a liberal agenda.  I liked season 1 and 2 because we got facts and the feelings of all sides involved.  I’m 2 episodes in and I’m hearing we should disregard law because woman and statements that a probation condition is unconstitutional....whereas I can’t find anything in the constitution that supports this.  I’m here for the story, not NPR’s opinion.  I’m giving 2 stars only because the first season was great.  I am now unsubscribing."
"I was looking forward to this season... Not anymore, this is a ridiculous series. Basically what I heard the reporter say was, zero responsibility for criminals and their families (that produced them)."
"Will always rate 1-star after unapologetically spending an extreme amount of time between seasons no matter the quality."
"The stories are good but the narrators negative attitude towards law enforcement is obvious and irritating."
"I loved the story telling fo adnan’s case but there was so so so much that they missed. so much evidence that could have been shared and, for whatever reason, it was just left out. This podcast has received so much attention, I just wish they stated all of the facts"
"I love the idea of Serial as a weekly podcast. But when you’ve got episodes that are only 35 minutes long and 10 minutes of that are the host rehashing stuff she’s talked about in all the previous episodes again and again and then saying “Did he do it? Who knows”, there’s really not that much original content here."
"Spent hours of the same facts being repeated over and over with only the hope of finding the killer as my motivation to continue listening. NOPE, NO RESOLUTION! Why create a podcast on a murder that has no resolution? Waste of time."
"Season two regarding Bowe was brutal to hear. President Obama plain and simple assisted the return of a deserter in exchange giving 5 key Taliban leaders back to the bad guys. Hearing the narrator try to spew reasoning for this decision was gross. Talking about how politics was bad for the situation at the same time as defining her stance politically. Garbage take on a garbage deal and outcome."
"I had no idea about the drama that this podcast started when I first listened about a week ago. When I did start it, it became clear to me that the host was twisting all the information to fit her theory or narrative. It made me uncomfortable because I have listened to many very well done podcasts where there was only fact and a conclusion based on fact. I did some research and it clear that there was evidence left out, wrongfully reported or dismissed as regular teenage drama. Wasn't impressed. And to be honest it wasn't even that exciting. I recommend Up and Vanished. It's a good example of a host who is impartial and honest and not delusional."
"Just disappointed that the first season was SO GOOD and the second season put me to sleep. Can we get a re-do?"
"How about you make it's easier to play one after the other ....it's not user friendly as much as you may think."
"Sarah Koenig is a journalist at their worst. Strong bias, pestering people that don’t want to be bothered, and writing complete BS. It reads like a college essay that was written at the last minute; full of holes, unnecessary data and information, and some things just made up entirely. At no point in Season 1, did Adnan Syed seem anything less than guilty. Koenig just did her best to try to make the story seem interesting, when it was really just a straight-forward case. Adnan is guilty. Koenig had to make up a story. That’s all there is to it."
"As a fan of the original, the first episode of Season 2 was incredibly boring. I didn’t know what I was expecting, but that wasn’t it. The second episode was a little bit better, but mainly just confirms that the Angry Americans who *hate* Bergdahl are pretty much justified in their feelings. Getting first-hand accounts of what sort of resources were spent searching for the missing soldier was important. I came in thinking he was just a knucklehead who should be ignored by history, but now I hate him, too. Why? Because not only were lives and taxpayer dollars lost because of his stunt, but also because resources were wasted by Serial to tell his story."
"First season was great, and I knew it would be difficult to follow. That said, they could not have picked a worse story than the traitor. Even worse, the obvious slant given to his story was disgusting. Trying to creat Pity for a man who abandoned his fellow soldiers is shameful."
"I had heard rave reviews regarding this podcast. I found it hard to listen to. I felt like the host is biased and not being neutral. She did not try to prove his innocence. I felt like she went out of her way to prove that Jay was lying more than prove that Adnon did not commit the crime. Charming guys are not always guilty but just because he is charming doesn’t mean he is innocent (anyone remember Scott Peterson?!). I’m not sure if he is innocent or not but this podcast did not help bring light. Sarah allowed this guy to play her emotions the whole time."
"I heard this show was amazing from a lot of people and the first 5 episodes were very good. But the show almost gets stuck in the mud and I just wanted to end. I think the season could have been 5 or 6 episodes instead of 12. Then to end the season pretty much where we started  seemed like a waste of time."
"If I missed high school, maybe this would be more palatable."
"I get it, you need to draw it out, for entertainment. However, I couldn’t help but feel it was either forced indecisiveness, or just a bedrock of delusion that drove the narrative. I couldn’t enjoy it, not season 1. Not after some very very solid red flags, and just an almost petty nitpicking attitude that just disregards the heart of the case. It’s a dangerous thing to do, and if this ?!$& gets out, it’s on this podcast."
"I’m almost done with the first story and starting to feel like I’ve been completely wasting my time. I don’t care about Anon, or any of the other characters. Super boring a dragged out. I’m going to finish and if I feel differently after it’s over then I’ll amend my review. But as it stands right now it’s just a boring version of the forensic files with no visual and a lot of repetition. This story could have been told in half the amount of time."
"These guys have no business doing a podcast on this material.  They don't know what they are talking about. Don't waste your time."
"Good story lines but Koenig ruins it with idiotic elitist left wing bias.  Someone without a clue interjecting ridiculous comments to enlighten her uninformed listeners. Total garbage."
"So disappointing to listen in and listen in to no solution!"
"I had high hopes when I saw the 4.5 Star Review. I know lots of folks who love this podcast and I really want to like it too, but the ladies’ voices are grating and the uninteresting tangential conversation is annoying. I couldn’t even get through one episode."
"And some of the episodes available say aren’t available smh"
"And not good!"
"Here's my verdict: technically sound arguments, but I'm calling this unethical, or at the very least insensitive. 

And... the case against him definitely isn't robust enough, but I personally believe he did it. The authorities didn't fabricate anything, as confirmed by the podcast's own research."
"I recently was told to listen to the first season of the Serial podcast because I love true crime and was wildly disappointed. The storytelling was bland and the whole plot was uneventful!"
"Don’t waste your time."
"Everyone knows I love these type of podcasts so I was branching out. Don’t bother. Stick with the ones that get you and hold you!"
"Season 1 of Serial was the perfect podcast. Season 2 was boring and terrible. I don't care about the self-inflicted melodrama of a deserter."
"There really wasn’t much to investigate for season 2 it seemed like they were creating a storyline"
"I truly admire Koenig’s reporting and commitment. That said, this story is mind-meltingly boring. Two episodes in and I’m out."
"I have listened to the first season of Serial 5 times just to make sure I heard everything. The story was sad and weird and stupid and interesting all at the same time. That's why people loved it. I think the Rumors episode was completely unnecessary but that's just me. Also, I don't think Sarah should have played recordings of Adnan as much as she did. That being said, I had zero interest in season 2 and season 3 is suppose to be about some stupid band called Fugazi that nobody's ever heard of! Pretty sad. Apparently Sarah Koenig can't handle fame. What started off as something special has turned into a dud. Bummer for us."
"Season one was engaging enough to try the second. I could not stomach listening to this deserter. Nothing interesting about him or the lies about his failed life—no matter what angle they took while interviewing him—the harder they tried to make it interesting, the harder it was to listen. One of the biggest scabs on the past adminsitration is the exchange of five Taliban chiefs for this failed figure."
"I binged watched ""Making a Murderer"" and found the case of Mr. Avery very compelling - and was fascinated by the trial and investigation, leading me to be convinced of his innocence. Adnan is 100% guilty. I'm saddened that he is glorified in this series. What is the controversy? What is the goal in creating this?  Serial glorifies a man who had clear intent to murder, and during interviews seems to have no remorse for the victim's death, but rather has more concern about what other people thought of him? I'm disgusted."
"But now...how is his show still so highly rated when they barely put out any episodes? 🙄"
"They have gotten full of themselves with this every other week release. Season 2 was a major disappointment compared to season 1."
"Huge waste of time"
"I'd like to give the narrator and team involved in producing this podcast a lot of credit for their hard work and research, but was sadly disappointed in the content. I was enamored in episodes 1 and 2. By 3, I felt like I was getting pulled in a bunch of different directions with no major plot twists, and by 4, I quit. When cases like this are dug back up, I hope the storytelling is leading in a direction that proves something shockingly different from what was decided in court however many years ago. Instead, this just all led up to potentially the same exact verdict that was already decided."
"The show was decent the first season though blew up in ratings and audiences had wildly unrealistic expectations on what to expect. But the subject matter in the second season turned into a defense of Obama's questionable moves re the return of a possibly traitorous soldier. If you like the bias of NPR, this is for you. Some conservatives in the room would help these guys a lot, they're hopelessly lost when it comes to any idea not formulated and approved within a very specific urban setting. It's too bad because a balanced story this in depth with this talent could really capture the entire populace."
"I feel bad for people who think this is the only podcast. It's very bad and most are much better."
"What started a revolution in podcasts turned into an exercise in hubris. Season one had an interesting story and a cast of charachters that were developed over time because no had ever heard of them. I feel like the producers were so pleased with themselves that they felt like they had to attack a headline everyone knew and that was their downfall. Instead of repeating a successful approach they felt like they had to jump to the top level when that's not what made Season One work. It's too bad but perhaps they can turn it around for season three. A little dose of humility from the abject failure of Season Two may help keep them grounded. It was awful."
"No."
"I had really high hopes and expectations for this and Ms. Koenig. She's awful and adds nothing of value to the subject or the case. It's painful to listen to her laugh and make uncomfortable jokes in tough situations. She sounds like a young and uninformed fan rather than a dignified journalist."
"I don't give two craps about either season's subject, but both stories are told with such detail and in such an engrossing way that I've listened to them several times over. This is the standard for (non-fiction) storytelling and I'm still hoping a season 3 is in the works."
"Why isn't the series in order? I hate searching through to find the next episode. MOOD KILLER!"
"This is like Forensic files without the forensics. It's all opinions and conjectures based off meager if not zero evidence. Very unsatisfactory to listen to."
"I  began listening to this after listening to S-town (which was so very good ). While this podcast immediately captured my attention and is an intriguing mystery, I have come to learn that it also resulted in more grief for the poor girls family and fortune for the possible murderer. If this story were fiction I would be ok but it is not. This was an exploitation that resulted in hurting real people and I feel sad for the family.  My sense is many people lost sight of that and after reading in the  news the reaction from the family I decided to erase the remaining episodes from my library."
"The words she uses to describe the already convicted killer that at the time was 17 as a ""child"" and the nearly 30 year old man as ""big brown doe eye"" kid. She omits facts and presents it until the 5th episode that would hurt her bias. Once the facts are presented, she brushes them off like oh it's just a coincidence and continue to support her biased side."
"It is very well produced and interesting"
"One review I read on season 1 referred to SK as a fan girl of AS, and this couldn't have been any more apparent. No balanced reporting here. Can't see the point of continuing with season 2. I recommend Sam Harris's Waking Up podcast to liberals who've fallen too too far left - making informed decisions requires an understanding of multiple perspectives. Let's all wake up before it's too late..."
"Snarky jabs at the Republican Party. Constant liberal undertone. Everything you would expect from NPR. Narrator should be objective. If you are a die hard democrat who takes CNN seriously you will love this. Otherwise it's a waste of time."
"This has not been one of my favorite true crime casts. There never seemed to be a peak, just relaying facts of an old case"
"It's beyond me how anyone found a The lack luster character descriptions by the convicted friend's sister reason to prove innocence. Couldn't get through more than a few episodes. The guys who was convicted talks like a sociopath and tells a pretty obvious lie in the beginning of you are paying attention."
"Too bad there is more time energy and thought spent on emotions and options of the narrative than seeking additional facts. I found the ""journalism"" biased and opinionated, not objective in any manner. I honestly don't care what you think. What did you prove or show?! You read public records, harassed locals (you obviously have an opinion but only ask questions for the show)....  thank you for  wasting 12 ""series"" of my life I'll never get back."
"I LOVE crime podcasts. I have listened to every single 48hours (by far the best) and a couple others that aren't as professional but very well done like ""Up and Vanished"".

BUT, I really can't stand the narrators voice on this podcast. I am not sexist at all, but female voices tend to annoy me on podcasts. Maybe it's just her voice on here and the well known history podcasts.

Unless you have customizable speakers in your car her voice will make you shoot yourself in the head. 

Crime podcasts NEED to be narrated by deep voices. The high pitch voice doesn't make you feel like you're listening to a spooked murder mystery. It sounds like she should be talking about fashion or lipstick. 

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND- 48hours though. And to prove I'm not being sexist I REALLY LIKE 48 HOURs, half the time Erin Moriarty is narrating and SHE DOES IT WELL. 

I respect this chick for making a podcast I thought I may want to listen to, but she should've had a man narrate it bcuz it's a crime podcast and needs a DEEP VOICE. 
NOT NAILS ON A CHALK BOARD"
"Sarah has a thing for Adnan and is easily played by him.  Listen to last 5 minutes of S01 Episode 6.  She's so fearful of him not approving.  This is a major issue with the entire podcast.  Nobody else had the motive and this guy has had years to think about how to twist the story."
"I couldn't even listen to the first episode. I'm a big fan of UAV which is absolutely engrossing. This, however, is a monotone and dull. I don't get the enthusiasm. Sorry.  Moving on."
"This podcast bummed me out. I listened to season 1 all the way through. Sarah was wrong to try and clear Adnon of a terrible murder. Good journalism accepts both arguments and a jury's duty is to find the defendant guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. A ""reasonable"" person should stop listening to this one sided story. After looking at all of the poor reviews I have no clue how this podcast has been so highly rated. Classic case of someone trying to make headlines using: ""law enforcement and the justice system are corrupt."""
"I enjoyed hearing the facts but couldn't help feeling it was grasping at straws for reasons he didn't do it. Not that intriguing of a case no matter how the narrator tries to spin it. He's not the first killer to lie and say he didn't do it, and just because you have a crush on him Durant mean he's innocent."
"Lucy From Charlie Brown & Her Football Retraction: A Podcast. Don't. Just don't. Compelling case and journalism, but ultimately a waste of your time."
"After S-Town I listen to fill the void. After all they should be of similar quality, right? The podcast just fizzles out leaving you knowing nothing more than you did when it started. Speculative back and forth minutia regarding the case was mind numbing. Can't believe I managed to finish it."
"The endless blatherings of Sarah Koenig."
"Had me in the first few episodes of Season 1 but I quickly lost interest. Season 2 was a dud from the beginning, I couldn't even continue."
"Just saying.  I think it really is"
"Just finished Season 1. It held my attention as gossip or a tabloid journal can, thus the one star. While listening to the updates, which give no conclusion, I feel as though I am gossiping with my girlfriends. Is this person what one considers a ""journalist"" today? I think every sentence had the word, ""like"" in it at least twice. Like, like like! Like, Oh my gosh! Awful! Please, America, stop dumbing us down!!! Maybe it's the school systems? This is not ok."
"Absolutely no ending is absurd.   It's not suspenseful, just aggregating that I held out hope for some sort of resolution.   Sigh."
"This was decent for establishing the characters, but other podcasts do a much better job analyzing the case."
"This was well delivered and narrated for the first few episodes. Then towards the end, the hosts gets in the story as a character and doesn't give any more information. A whole lot of pondering the unknown and repeating  what she and everyone already doesn't know. Total broken record. Like a mom nagging about the same thing 30 times in the same day. Very annoying towards the end. Best not waste time listening to this. Read the articles for more complete story."
"I found myself instantly hooked by the subject matter of season 2, but after only a few episodes it became clear that this wasn't going to be an unbiased take on the matter. The presenter goes out of her way to only focus on what she believes and feels, brushing off any other conclusions rather distastefully. I made it through the season in its entirety and the only thing worse than her bias is the fact that there is no attempt to put a conclusion at the end of the season. The season just....ends with a patter. This podcast is akin to a cheap firework show, starts off with bright colors, loud bangs, and then suddenly just dies. If this topic interests you, then you're better of reading, listening, or watching elsewhere. Form your own opinion, rather than have the presenter of this podcast try to nudge you into her's in this boring podcast."
"Don't believe the hype"
"Series could have been cut in half - it's all repetition!!! Save yourself time and skip this series."
"Highly disappointed in season 2. Chosen topic was poor."
"Not worth the drawn out message. Voice gets a bit annoying."
"Don't waste your time. This is poorly written and barely brings enough interesting story to the table to justify 3 episodes, never mind 12."
"I loved this podcast at first, but I feel like it goes doewn hill every episode.  She constantly asks leading questions of the people she interviews, and seems like nothing new is ever revealed."
"Season two is not good..."
"Hugely disappointing."
"i cant call it, id just say its many ppl that are innocent that are detained because of this great journalism perhaps one of the many innocent people in jail will be free, or he could be guilty one thing is for sure journalism is to be taken advantage and in this case thats exactly what it was"
"Sarah's low morales and need for fame has pushed her to an extreme low where she twists words and conversations to make money and fame from a twisted story. What people don't know is how desperate and disgusting she was before serial and what she would do for fame. Anything to work for ira glass right sarah? Your disgusting!"
"She did a great job getting people interested and aware of the Adnan Syed and Hae Min Lee case but her followups to the case have been almost ignorant and strangely trying too hard to go against the general consensus. I hope Sarah and her team understands major things were brought to light after her podcast ended and she could become fully aware of them before passing such strange judgment. Her coverage of the appeal was so shocking and different from her usual attentiveness to me it turned me off from the podcast. And now she's going around doing interviews with other podcasts and I mean is she just mad she didn't make these major discoveries in the case unlike the Undisclosed podcast did? Without Rabia and her strong info/evidence and dedication she wouldn't have even gotten this breakthrough of a podcast"
"This story should have taken 1-2 episodes to tell.  Instead, the narrator/host Sarah drags on with gossip and speculation for 12 episodes.  Each episode becomes more painful and repetitive. NPR exploited the death of a high school girl to hook you into listening."
"I've subscribed to Serial since episode 1 in 2014. My problem is the 2nd season wasn't that great and it took a full year before it launch. At the same time listeners were told seasons 2 & 3 would launch back to back. Well it's been 7 months since the end of season 2 and......

I think Serial was such a success because the story in season 1 was so enthralling. My expectations have been adjusted based on season 2 and the late delivery of season 3."
"Poor choice on topic. Lost interest after a few episodes. You have to care about the main character to stick with such a series and I lost interest in Bo. Maybe there is just better investigative podcasts and this is just falling to the bottom of the heap. I am opening to listening to season 3 to see if a better topic is picked."
"I was captivated along with the rest of the country to follow the story of Adnan Syed, if I could give season 1 ten stars, I would. Season 2 was a total snorefest. I'm personally not interested in military operations whatsoever, but I haven't met a single person who finished (or even attempted) to listen to season two. Maybe stick with juicy crime stories, not necessarily stories that made big headlines."
"Whoever is giving this 5 stars is a total jackass. They lack intellect, common sense, and the ability to comprehend good work. Adnan should go and strangle all of them as well. Guilty. Boring. Narrator is an absolute idiot. Zero stars. Save your time."
"The first season is totally worth it. 5 stars for season 1 but season 2 is horrible, hence the 1 star"
"I've listened to every episode of this show and I'm at the point where the next season will have to really catch me in the first episode for me to continue.  Adnan is probably guilty and Beau's story was boring at time.  We were taken along a ride in season 1 that ended lacking so much."
"It would have been nice to have a conclusion after listening to over 10 hours of the same facts over and over. I was interested at first but there wasn't a whole lot of new information presented throughout. This could have been condensed into three or four episodes. If yours should also be told upfront that there is no conclusion to the story. I expected one and so I have the other people that I talk to you who also listen to this. A big disappointment at the end."
"This podcast was interesting to me at first, but I quickly lost interest. The events, situation, circumstances, etc. are not presented in a logical or chronological order. Instead the narrator jumps around, seemingly at random, to new events, revisiting old events, bringing in new people with new testimonies, and I got lost really quickly. There is so much going on, and so much jumping around, I wasn't able to follow the story after only a few podcasts. Very disappointing."
"Like many of the people who wrote reviews in October 2014 I would have said great! Because of that time I was under the influence of the bait. I thought the podcast was going to deliver what it promised. I wonder how many would write positive reviews once they listen to the entire season. Basically it's a soap opera. You know how they do, every week they make you think you're going to learn something next week but you never do. You end up investing a lot of time I get nothing for it. You would never see a story that lead nowhere on 20/20 or Dateline.  There's a reason for it. 

I'd feel better had I paid money and lost it than I do about my lost time. The problem isn't that people don't like it. The problem is that we were led on and lied to. TAL misrepresented what the podcast was about. Bait and switch."
"The first season was magnificent story telling. Season 2 felt like Sarah was pushing an agenda. There was no conflict, no whodunit. Bring back the unknown, political agenda aside of season 1!"
"Couldn't get past the author"
"Would give second season a zero star if that was an option. They tried to make it compelling but it just wasn't."
"Season 1 = good; 
Season 2 = total snooze fest. Boring topic and totally unsympathetic protagonist. 
As a veteran involved in Middle East operations, I never had sympathy for this guy. The story was laid out in a non-compelling fashion. I not only stopped listening after episode 8, I deleted from my podcasts. Total sophomore fail on what was a pretty entertaining first season. 

The fact that he was was dinged out of the navy for mental reasons and then the army would take him. Oh boy. And then the story was just...boring. And regardless of his reasons, he's a deserter. F this guy."
"I started listening to season 1 and midway I realized that the author is bias. Somewhere along the line she developed some type of ""crush"" on this kid. Ok fine whatever. I still was invested so I finished up the season . So now here is season 2 I'm going to give it a shot because I remember reading about this AND all of a sudden there are updates on season1? Are you kidding me? 
I lost all respect for this show and TAL I have no idea how you let this pass."
"Season 1 was riveting. The mystery had me hooked and I couldn't wait for each new episode. I was so excited for season 2 only to be so bored I couldn't even make it through the second episode. I tried to give it another shot and nope, still about as interesting as watching paint dry. What a slow, dull death. RIP Serial."
"Lost the formula with season 2.  It was easy to put down. Got through 3 shows and had to quit.  Try again next time.  You know how to make an amazing podcast, get back to the roots. You clearly have the skills to do it again.  If there is a season 3 I'll try again."
"I like the first season (despite having to listen to an excessive amount of hand wringing) but found the second season unfocused and scattered."
"Started out good, but come on already! Waaaaaaaaaaaaay too long. Could've been done in 1 or 2 episodes. The host just loves to hear her own voice I think."
"The first episode was okay. After that, it seemed like Sarah was just repeating herself and telling the whole story over and over save for a few small details she would reveal in the newer episode and call a ""game changer"". She sounded biased from the start even though she tried to have a neutral opinion of Adnan. It's a good idea, though."
"Season 1: Low quality true crime pulp masquerading as a serious radio show like ""this American life"". Only good evidence was cell towers. Enjoyable though. 

Season 2
Bowe Bergdahl. About the military. Super political. Stale.  Not at all enjoyable."
"Season 1 was pretty good (although they leave facts out). Season 2 is about a AWOL solider and they try very hard (unsuccessfully) to make you feel sympathetic toward him. It's garbage."
"Good idea but lost any new content after episode 4."
"After season one (which started very strong but weak), season two was a total disappointment. The storyline chosen was not nearly as gripping or interesting. Personally, I think Serial even knew this by almost trying to manufacture their own drama and inject it throughout with kitschy scripted phone calls that were clearly recorded in a sound studio, surprise court dates that weren't all that interesting, etc. Being perfectly honest, I stopped listening about 1/3 to 1/2 through the second season because it was so boring and forced. Will give season three another shot (if there is a season three)."
"After being riveted by the first season of Serial, this season was more like a documentary than the true crime genre we anticipate from Serial."
"This podcast took an unknown story and made it amazing in season one. The story in season two is out of their reach."
"Took it to 1 star"
"boooooring."
"Disappointed that there was not really an ending other than ""we waisted a year investigating"""
"^That's it."
"As a ""Serial"" listener you're expected to sit, on the edge of your seat, hanging on every word spoken by a pseudo-intellectual, low-tier writer/amateur podcaster with little to no broadcasting experience or talent, who is clumsily clamoring to disprove and debunk matters of public record that were meticulously investigated and presented in court by skilled professionals almost two decades ago!  All the while ignoring the ""elephant in the room"", the narrator's own very obvious schoolgirl crush and innermost desire that the puppy-dog-eyed perpetrator in this case could somehow... in some way....(with rainbows and ferry-dust sprinkled on top) be exonerated of these charges and set free of this injustice!
But unfortunately for the presenter of this ""podcast"", facts are facts no matter how much you click your heals together and wish them NOT to be. ""Serial"" is essentially just the rantings a of a halfwit, stirring through the ashes of an actually family's REAL tragedy, picking and arranging tiny ""pearls of information"" for herself, to fit her desired narrative. She arranges them all in a neatly fashioned way, intended to string along an audience of mouth-breathing dullards, eager to believe there's a chance ""the system got it all wrong"".  The only ""injustice"" here is the fact that Koenig won a Peabody award for this drivel!"
"Just like my title says, the 1st season was great. I’m still interested in listening to the case unfold and what happens to Adnan and the new testimony, etc. The 2nd season is so boring. Serious sophomore slump going on in season 2."
"Season 1 was amazing and kept you on the edge of your seat wanting more. So I was extremely excited for season 2...but to my dissatisfaction it ended up being dull and lackluster. I did give it a shot, listened to a few complete episodes trying to get involved in the story but just didn't have the excitement season 1 had. Will wait for season 3 and updates on S1"
"If you want to hear a painful podcast. Here you go."
"Season 1 ended with the question ""who knows?""

Season 2 ended with the question ""who cares?""

Bowe Bergdahl was not a sympathetic character at the start of the season and Sarah Koenig didn't do him any favors with this disjointed and biased stroll through Bowe's world.  There is nothing in this story that explains, justifies or excuses Bergdahl's actions.  Did he pay a heavy price for his own stupidity?  Yep.  But he also endangered the lives of many honorable men and women and he should face the consequences for his choices.  To call him anything other than a deserter and coward is pure fantasy.

I'm disappointed that Serial chose to fly the banner for this guy.  There are many stories that are far more deserving.  I won't be listening in the future if they can't do better."
"At first I thought this was interesting and good but at some point couldn't listen to Sarah Koenig trying to show how innocent Syed is ignoring relevant details. Tried second season but too late."
"I loved season 1 and got many of my friends hooked.  However this is now the most over rated podcast.  Season 2 i thought wouldn't be as good but still interesting.  It was really not, I think it showed a confused host changing her mind mid season on how the show would be put out, and the overall information on the subject was greatly lacking.  They tried to update season 1 with the trail and randomly just stopped without acknowledging.  Overall super disappointed with the direction the podcast has gone since season 1."
"I feel like those who have given the first series (Adnan's case) a high rating is because they only listened to the first few podcasts. I gave it two stars instead of one because it started off well and kept me hook. Then the story got repetitive, but I continued listening because I wanted to know ""who dun it?!!"" I wanted to experience the podcast rather then doing a quick search on the Internet. So if that's the answer you're looking for, you are just going to waste your time."
"EVER!! Season one just really blew me away. The storyline was compelling. The narrative was clearly thought out and masterfully put together. Season two?? Feels like she didn't know what she was doing and procrastinated until the las possible moment. Although the choice topic of season two could have been the bigger issue. Either way it was the biggest let down I've had in years. Season one I could wait until the next episode was here, whereas season two the new episodes piled up and we're almost a punishment to listen through."
"I've listened to the first season, and gave the 2nd a try but only got to the 3r episode before I realized that I would not be able to trust Ms Koenig to deliver another in depth look into a socially complicated issue. The first season of serial, while engaging and entertaining, does not, I feel look carefully enough at the facts of the case. It does not consider seriously enough that the suspect and convicted murderer is actually guilty of the crime, despite the lack of motivation on behalf of all other suspects. Koenig spins the only witnesses as suspicious and faulty, and Mr Syed, guilty only of circumstance, as a young man grown ever more thoughtful after 15 (ish?) years in prison. I can't help dwelling on the connections she does not pursue that suggest Mr Syed is a true psychopath- incapable of feeling true guilt or regret. I would have liked more investigation on the scienc e of the crime, or a professional criminal psychologist interview. I can't take ms Koenigs interpretation of mr Syed's character, just as she couldn't from his family and friends. There is too much on riding on producing a good story, and not enough on the truth."
"Season one was awesome.  Season two was...yawn...okay.  I have a feeling season three will be just an extended This American Dream episode. I've never even heard of Fugazi much less the conspiracy of the band member's identities.  Who really cares?  You had a shot at making Serial something truly different and unique.  Season three sounds dull and uninteresting."
"Can't even update biweekly podcasts on time.  Worth a listen after you ran out of podcast to listen to."
"I thought season 1 non-ending was a terrible way to wrap up a series, season 2 beat that ending to the title of worse non-ending to series hands down."
"After the phenomenon that was Serial season 1, we are subject to a sophomore season that features mostly second hand interview recordings and focuses on an insipid, borderline unlikeable main character, if you will, in Mr. Bergdahl. The suspense of season one is gone. The motley crew of characters is replaced with a pathetic subject and an assortment of fleeting people marginally involved. Sarah herself is clearly not passionate about this topic so the whole season feels flat. Episode after episode digs into the situation in Afghanistan, the taliban players and the military's feelings towards Bergdahl ad nauseum. I had a hard time getting though this or caring."
"Been disappointed with season 2 hard to get into with stops and starts."
"Just cannot get into the story, It does not make me want to listen. Stopped after 3rd episode"
"1st season was great but the 2nd wasn’t worth the time."
"Boring and who cares about Bowe Bergdahl. He was a nut that should not have been in the military in the first place. Pick a better subject next time."
"Season 1 interesting and couldn't wait to listen to. Season 2 so boring I can't even finish."
"Can't believe how terrible season 2 is. 1st was great and then she absolutely drove it into the ground with this one."
"Like most people, got hooked season 1 which was very engaging, but season 2 draggggged and was just some lofty commentary on war. Highly recommend season 1, don't even bother with season 2."
"Season 1 was amazing.  Regardless of specific interest it was a fascinating case of did he or did he not do it.  In this case we know he did it - so it's a question of why.  Well if you are interested in the case then who cares why.  Plus the every other week format, I just completely lost interest.  Just got lame. Not sure what happened but I guess understandably thats always the case right: always hard to make the sequel."
"I really enjoyed listening to season 1.  I wish that was the case for season 2.  Season 2 was circular and difficult to follow.  I had a feeling season 2 was not going to live up to season 1 once they went to releasing episodes every other week.  The story has not completely played out in real life so I think that could have contributed to the poor flow.   Again, season 1 was well done I would highly recommend it."
"Of course I listened to every episode in Season 2, because the first season was so good.  For Season 3, please go back to a crime story that we don't know anything about.  Really nothing new here with Bowe Bergdahl - we know this crazy guy did a bad thing walking off his base  - the only issue is whether we feel sorry for him or think he should not be punished - just not interesting or suspenseful enough.  Yes, the government is overreaching but i already knew that."
"Loved the first season but I just finished the second season and I'm so glad it is over. I kept hoping something interesting would happen but I don't feel I really learned anything new.  I did like the few little updates on Adnan but that was about it. Hoping season 3 will be better."
"Soooo disappointed in Serial Season 2.  The story did not warrant a full season, nor did having a full season of Bowe's story clarify or highlight ANYTHING.  Just a long, boring, repetitious ""gossip fest"".  I listened to every painful moment of it, in hope that the storytelling would become interesting and insightful. But, no. It NEVER happened. No need to listen to Season 2.  You will not discover anything you can not read in a two paragraph summary of the incident anywhere else online. 

While Bergdahl's story is a current event and his actions do warrant investigation, Serial in no way comes close to investigative reporting.  Unsubscribed."
"Reporting often seems clouded by the opinion of the producer. Interesting to hear more about this case, but there’s no mystery to solve here, only greater complexity. Lackluster ending to Season 2, doesn’t feel anything groundbreaking was really uncovered."
"I won't be surprised when there is no third season. Koenig chose to follow an idiotic story. She's much better off doing her once every two month story on This American Life, then calling it a day."
"Predictable and one sided, after one episode of season 1 I knew where it would end up (nowhere). Season 2 screamed political propaganda so I abstained...pass."
"This is not good reporting. Drama is created by manipulating the storyline, and this is as far removed from objective reporting as can be imagined. I would have less of a problem with Serial if the reportes came out and identified thier agenda. I was hoping that Season 2 would be better, but it is actually a worse portrayal of balanced reporting. I was hoping for a lot more from the TAL folks. I doubt that I can stomach a Season 3."
"Loved Season 1.  Now an entire  season investigating ""why"" someone walked off a base? Biweekly?  As Sarah would say ""really""?   Let's step up the story game for Season 3."
"I loved Season 1 but Season 2 felt from the beginning to be pre-determined that Bergdahl was just a sad mental case who has suffered enough and was without blame for the injuries of others. Disappointed for sure."
"Nothing of substance. Score is the best part."
"First season was fantastic, but second season was a huge disappointment."
"I ride the train to work every day so it was exciting. Season two started out great but now they switched to bi-weekly which stinks. I still listen but I miss my weekly podcast on Thursdays a little treat for my long train-ride home."
"I really don't like season 2. It's very redundant. Also, releasing episodes every other week makes the story difficult to follow. Season 2 is not exciting at all."
"The new series is boring and repetitive.  Treats her listeners like idiots on the pretext that she will provide one more episode in exchange for dragging the story out to the point that I forget that I subscribe to this podcast."
"Second season not interesting or compelling.... I wish follow up on the first season would come through"
"Season 2 lost me completely. It seems like they're trying to create a mystery when there is none. I already found this season uninteresting, but they lost me completely in the episode where they kept mentioning Hillary Clinton and her accomplishments. Save the pandering."
"I am done with season 2. Season 1 was totally amazing and now this podcast is going to my unsubscribe list. There is no real story here. Bowe had mental health issues our government has problems... All things we know. Disappointed and frustrated I listened as long as I did thinking it would get better."
"This story does not go anywhere. I enjoyed the first few episodes but by the end it feels like the reporter is grasping at straws for stuff to talk about. I know more about the case now but nothing was resolved. It is presented for the listener to make there own judgement."
"Have been a supporter of this show since day 1, always looking forward to Thursday's! Season two was a huge disappointment. From delays to biweekly posting to boring content. It's just not the same anymore, I'm out."
"Just a bunch of speculative rambling only to reach a ""conclusion"" of nothing. Really average"
"Season 1 was one of the most interesting, engaging, and just all-around entertaining stories I've ever heard: podcast or otherwise. Season 2, on the other hand... Wow. Unbelievably boring and uninteresting. I couldn't even make it through the second episode; and from reading newer reviews, I can see I made the wise choice. On average, the podcast should get 3 stars (5 for S1, 1 for S2), but I'm rating it 1 since the current rating is so heavily skewed by last season's. Plus, I read the creators were purposely hoping to alienate all the fans, because they don't like the podcast being a big phenomenon. Well, okay then... Enjoy your new, boring format!"
"Don't waste your time"
"The first season was addicting. An excellent insight in the turn of the century technology and how it related to a murder case. It left me thinking what if for weeks after the final episode. 

And then there is season 2. Politics aside the subject matter was poor. It simply just isn't as good. Upon hearing there would be a second season I was excited. Tuned into episode one and was let down. 

I have given the second season a chance but it just hasn't delivered. I am yearning for a story similar to what had us all hooked for season 1. If there is a season 3 I hope it can get back to what made the inaugural  season so good."
"The true conflict of season 2 is between Sarah Koenig’s pre-existing notion of the Bowe Bergdahl story and what she found actually occurred.  It is clear that Koenig already had her mind made up that Sgt. Bergdahl was a valiant, conscientious objector who went AWOL in order to bring attention to army misconduct.  Yet as the story progresses, all of her assumptions prove to be false.  She attempts to blame the battalion for being mismanaged, the army recruitment process for allowing Bowe to serve, the GOP for blowing this issue out of proportion, his fellow soldiers for not being accepting, and America’s short-sightedness for allowing this conflict to escalate.  And by the end of every episode, there is a desperation to Koenig’s voice as she realizes that none of her arguments hold any water.  What she hoped would be a cut and dry story that reaffirmed her own opinions has proven to be the exact opposite; each episode shows that Bergdahl was a deserter with a bizarre moral code who returned home due to a politically-motivated trade.  Perhaps the two-week gap between installments gives Koenig more time to try and discover more evidence that backs up her original POV, because every episode feels like more of a Hail Mary pass to justify Bergdahl’s actions and the State Dept’s decision to negotiate with the Taliban."
"Huge fan of season 1, but season 2 has been a let down. I really don’t care about Beau’s story and this reporting hasn’t convinced me that I should. I keep listening to each episode hoping you’ll draw me in... and then I’m disappointed all over again. I’m just waiting until this season ends and hoping for a better story next time."
"First of all, great puns by me. The Adnan case was exponentially more entertaining than Season 2. This season has devolved from the investigation format into an analysis on military and political procedure, two things which grow tedious when featured for more than a single episode. 

Bergdahl is also a completely non-polarizing figure. There is no justification for the actions he took, and a lack of mystery to his actions. Whether he went AWOL because of a justifiable reason or not was answered early in the season, thereby turning the season into a biopic (biopod?) which is far less interesting. 

Next season, please return to the original format of a polarizing case. The only thing polarizing in Bergdahl's case is whether or not he lied about why he left his post. We already know that he did it. It would be like if Adnan admitted to the murder, and the season was about his justification for doing it. There is no recourse for innocence, which was one of the main reasons season 1 had such a stranglehold on listener interest."
"I'm about as moderate as can be, which is why I loved this podcast at first. It always seemed to portray all sides equally. 
But the bias gradually peers through (mainly in season 2), slowly becoming the same liberal crap that I can't escape in any form of media.

I don't know whether to blame the media or my generation (millenials), but I hate both equally. Very disappointing."
"The First season was fantastic, but I've got to say I'm very disappointed with the lack of objectivity in season 2. The reporting in Season 1 was done so objectively and without bias. Season two is the exact opposite! Sarah feels a certain way about Berghdal and his actions/intentions, and she is trying to force them and her political beliefs down the listener's throat. She even goes so far as to sympathize with Al Queda members. Big disappointment..."
"I used to enjoy this podcast, especially season 1. After listening to season 2 episode 9, it sadly became apparent Hillary Clinton must've made a deal with the producer to name drop her throughout. Very disappointed the producers allowed Hillary Clinton to weasel her way into using this as a campaign platform. I highly doubt Hillary was the only person making public announcements regarding this case. What a joke!"
"Sarah obviously hates the military. So biased. Very disappointed."
"Loved 1st season. Where are you? Did you take on too much? Said you were at the trial, stopped reporting.  What happened ?"
"I love the reporting and everything about Serial. Unfortunately this season is so boring. I'm more excited when they interrupt the season to give us an update on Adnan. Every episode is the same story just told by a different person and it's do underwhelming. There is not enough mystery in why Bo left his post to keep me interested. Also, I don't understand why only one episode come out every two weeks when they are just adding one new perspective and remixing the previous episode, total lack of creativity on this one. . I won't be listing to the rest of the season. I have unsubscribed for now. Hopefully next season will feature something more interesting."
"I can't even get past episode 3 of season 2. The only reason I made it that far was because of the love I had for season 1. The story is bad and the ""telling "" is worse. They had gold with the always captivating murder mystery of season 1 and now are going way out there. I wonder if this is some political agenda as I have heard season 3 might be a police brutality case. Way to grab at low hanging fruit. I will not be listening and hope others do not get suckered in from their love for season 1."
"Just not for me"
"Its ok."
"Boo"
"I enjoyed season 1 and much of season 2 but this was the episode where I fell out of love with serial. There are a lot of complex details, especially in season 2, that SK decides she needs to cover. By this point in the series though it becomes an enormous data dump. The material isn't presented in a compelling fashion and the story isn't getting woven together in a way that is easy to follow. The tangent covered in this episode is incredibly important but save the details for another podcast. [SPOILER] Two minutes eluding to the amazing story about brokering peace would suffice to forward the plot without requiring I get out a notebook to draw maps and create character summaries. 

The great thing about season 1 was that I didn't have to be an investigative journalist to love the investigative journalism. This season, culminating in this episode, seems to want to appeal to her research team more than her audience."
"This has been diappointingly biased and political. Especially after listening to Episode 9 (season 2), it is pretty obvious that there is a political agenda and Koenig has already formed an opinion about the whole issue. She does not fairly represent both sides, I was hoping for better."
"Season 2 is poorly done"
"Loved season 1! Season 2 so far has been disappointing. Not that I don't find the story or events of what happened interesting, it just jumps around too much and has so many different people being interviewed or talked about that I quite frankly find it confusing to follow. The best part of this season have been the updates about Adnan and Asia!"
"This story is so much harder to follow than the first season. In my opinion, this story only appeals to people who closely follow politics and the war. I keep finding myself distracted during the episode and having to go back and rewind portions. We wait 2 weeks and then the episodes are full of these details that I'm sure are important to the story, but are painfully boring. I'll be back next season"
"How is this the Top Ranked podcast on the market? Every single one of the podcasts that Barstool puts out there is hands down better than this"
"I stopped subscribing after the 4th episode after I realized I wasn't even paying attention to the story. Season 1 had a lot of buzz and water cooler talk, even though the story went nowhere. I think my wife is still subscribed, but we haven't talked about the show in a month. Skip this one."
"Not a good podcast"
"This season has fallen so short. Not the least bit entertaining"
"Season 2. Terrible."
"I listened to the first few episodes and then I stopped because the storytelling was SO biased that I found myself rolling my eyes several times an episode. The narrator  obviously wants so desperately to find a clue that will set this guy free.  Unfortunately for her, she chose to examine a case where the is man convicted of murder was actually guilty.  Listening to her grasp at conspiracy theories is a total waste of time."
"Season one was fabulous. Season two seems poorly fleshed out"
"Season 1 was anticlimactic. Season 2 has been unlistenable. Well-produced, though."
"Each episode feels more and more sympathetic to Bergdahl. Frankly, something I'm not willing to feel. Very dissatisfied with season 2."
"Clear distortion of the truth and ignorance of military law. Disgraceful manipulation of fact for ratings. People died searching for the scum that this shows defends. Loved episode 1, but we will never listen again."
"I never loved Sarah Koenig's voice or style of speaking, but at least last year's story was interesting enough to overcome these negatives. This year I just can't care about Bowe's story. Even if I took everything he says as gospel, he was wrong to leave base. Who cares what his motives were or are? Add that to the Koenig thing and I just can't anymore. I tried. Unsubscribe."
"I listened to Season 1 several times due to the terrific reporting and conflicting evidence and frankly the charm, intelligence and charisma of Adnan Syed. Season 2, about Bowe Bergdahl, fails for many reasons. First, he does make a convincing case for himself and it’s just hard to keep listening when you feel that he was so reckless walking off his post. Second, Mark Boal was a terrible choice for an interviewer. He is flip, often drops the f-bomb instead of deploying a real word with meaning and robs the series of Sarah’s skills as an interviewer. Third, Sarah seems much less professional in this series (i.e., her “whateves”, her inability to release it on time and stick to the weekly release, then dropping two episodes in a row,, her reporting on the Syed hearing from a closet, etc.) I have given the podcast 8 episodes before reviewing to be fair. It is so disappointing. It seems such a strange choice of subject matter as the army is not known for nuance. There is nothing compelling here."
"What an absolute disaster/mistake/letdown Season 2 has been! The most recent episode (#7), off of a two week break, was all of 38 minutes! Ms. Koenig attempted to cover the most recent court hearing in Mr. Sayed’s case, and not only did she do a terribly incomplete job, she didn’t even make it to the final day of hearings! Why even cover the hearings if you couldn’t do justice to the excellent work that was put in during Season 1. Serial has been absolutely trending downward since Season 1 ended. I hope it will be turned around."
"The first season was excellent. The second season...not so much. This story involving PFC Bergdahl just isn't captivating my attention and I've yet to discover the premise behind the season.  What is the end game here? At least with the first season, the end game seemed to be to prove Adnan's innocence. This season doesn't contain the riveting details to hook me about why I should care that Bergdahl walked out on his platoon. I just don't get it."
"Season 1 was lightning in a bottle.  True water cooler talk.  WIth Season 2, there is nothing to discover.  Best case scenario, Bergdahl was an idiot who left his post.  Worst case, he's a traitor who left his post.  Wait until Season 3 and hope that Koenig and company get back to the old formula."
"I LOVED season one. It started with a case and she was working towards finding the truth of this wrongful conviction. Season 2 I have no idea what she is even trying to discover? its like a biography of this guys capture in Afghanistan. Yes, he suffered. Yay he made it back! but why is this part of serial? it seems like she's just telling his story with no reason. 
At least they are covering the rest of adnans case. Thats the only thing that is keeping me as a listener."
"I'm giving Serial 1 star because the first season was amazing, then season 2 is a total bust.  On top of that, half way through we go back to season 1 because nobody is listening to the main story.  No consistency."
"Sounds like she's lonely and looking for a boyfriend..what a joke the guys in jail sweetheart go to a bar you'll meet a desperate guy there too"
"Incredible story, but being so inconsistent with releasing episodes is annoying to the point of not listening anymore. Maybe take a year off and finish up"
"The Season 2 story is not nearly as engrossing as Season 1. And now the increased time between episodes actually encourages you to care less about the story. The recaps on Adnan's  hearing were not informative and the non-serious tone of the phone calls was extremely off-putting. Very disappointed in this series."
"The latest reviews are from last season. This season is so boring!!!!!!!!! And with an episode every two weeks, it's NOT worth the wait. Period. And today's episode was a 30 minute update from last season.... Sooooo, I waited for two weeks for this? Don't waste your time and listen to last season only."
"The switch to the new format is terrible,
You lost me with the timeline.

Guess I'll have to wait for 60 minutes to get the story.
Thanks"
"Misleading presentation of the facts. Unfortunately doing more harm than good."
"My wife and I started the serial series and finished it within a week time span. From beginning to end the constant repetitive he said she said monologue and that never really seemed to develop the story grated on my nerves. There are infinite number of stories out there with crazy twists and turns that would keep a listener on the edge of their seat. Serial isn't one of them."
"i loved the first season of serial, and a lot of information has come out since then. i have been extremely disappointed in the misleading reports sarah has been giving considering all this new evidence - for example, describing adnan as stiff as a stone during his PCR hearing while knowing that he has been suffering from extreme back and neck pain. (rabia told her this). it seems like she is trying to spread doubt when the evidence is just not there in order to keep things exciting. misleading your listeners is wrong and not in the interest of justice."
"Am I the only one completely bored with this second installment of serial? Who cares about what some white guy did? I gave up half way into the second episode. I hope season three hits the mark."
"Since you have changed your god awful ""bi-weekly"" schedule has made me not want to listen anymore. Your allowing ppl to lose interest and go elsewhere. SInce your change a have found tons of podcast that don't make you wait forever. Twice a month?, bad move."
"Everyone from your barista to your personal trainer listens to this podcast. What makes it better than other podcasts? I have no idea."
"Season 1 was well done and I enjoyed the way they presented cases but didn't take a stance, good journalism. (Much better than the making a murder crew). Season two is just boring. I enjoyed the first episode but it's getting bogged down and losing focus. The storm of info, eventually causing them to change the schedule of the show, has brought it to a screeching haunt."
"The first season was so good. They've had so much time to prep for this one and some how aren't able to put out episodes that capture the imagination. They even decided to put it out every other week and still can make it compelling. I had such high hopes. And it's an interesting story! They're just dragging it out and making it so fragmented. They lost me :("
"I don't even know where to begin. Koenig tries desperately to make drama where there simply is none. She's obviously a skilled story teller so it has to just be a poor subject matter. Listening to the same music and the same beats as the first season and then nothing happens makes it kind of comical. It's like a bad parody of itself. Sorry Sarah I really want to like it. I've even listened to a few episodes more than once (sometimes because I zoned out out of boredom and other times because I thought maybe I missed something happening). Then stretching it out to every 2 weeks. That can't be a good thing. And then the payoff was another snooze episode where nothing happens. At this point I would say maybe do less episodes and wrap this thing up in another ep or two. Maybe do the Making a Murderer story. There still seems like a lot more that can be explored there."
"Season 1 was great. Season 2 is boring."
"Season 1 was so interesting and captivating, a truly novel story to listen to, unbiased. Season 2 is drawn-out and boring, as well as being something we've all come into with our opinions. Very disappointed."
"I absolutely LOVED Season 1…it was outstanding to the point that I am still telling everyone who will listen to subscribe to it. Season 2? Not so much. I gave it about 3 episodes and found myself actually dreading trying to get through a 4th.

Hoping the team rallies for Season 3!"
"Tabloid in podcast form. If you value your time -- avoid."
"The beauty of Season 1 was the scope. It was a small-town boy that whether guilty or not was relatable. It was a more personal story that wasn’t a global news headline. It shed light on a case most people weren’t familiar with. The topic of Season 2 is already talked to death about on every cable news channel and website. Another problem is the bi-weekly schedule. It opens with “Serial, a story told week-to-week”, but not anymore! After waiting 2 weeks I sometimes forget the details and become less engaged in the story."
"I found this podcast really boring"
"open source info on a traitor...."
"I absolutely fell in love with Serial last season! The investigative reporting was well formatted and captivating. I expected so much from Season 2 and I was so disappointed. Featuring Bowe Bergdahl was a terrible terrible choice. Serial has lost one subscriber/listener. Don't waste your time....they totally sold out to accommodate a movie producer. DISAPPOINTING 😡😢😞"
"Season one was totally awesome if you haven't listened you really should. Season two on the other hand not only is a way less interesting topic, already covered by countless other outlets, now in the middle of it they change to a bi-weekly release. It's sad to see such a great concept executed so poorly. The weekly release was what (barely) kept my interest in this season and the show is well produced so good to listen to but now I will lose track of was it this week? or is it next week? Just hearing that has made me lose interest."
"I loved Season One, but I have a really hard time getting interested in Season Two. Season One was an unknown case which built week by week. This season feels like ""catch up"". Without the interviews, the personal touch, it just totally lacks the intrigue. I doubt I finish the season since I still have 2 unopened episodes that I just keep putting off."
"God bless America. Number one exporter of vocal fry and upspeak. Rigght?"
"Season 2= boring"
"Not sure what the problem is - although it might be that they shouldn’t be making this since BB is on trial - but it’s a very flawed enterprise. And now that there’s a two week break, it’s not worth listening to as it already was hard to follow. Give it up! This doesn’t work."
"this season is so meh, last season was so interesting. this year's story i think is interesting to the people making serial, but as a listener there's no tension. i don't even know what questions i'm supposed to be asking right now. plus it's about something that took place in the military so they get people on the show who literally can't say what actually happened or things they did. also she isn't even talking to the subject herself so the listener has no real connection to him like we did with adnan. even if it gets better eventually there have been weeks of uninteresting buildup. disappointing compared to the debut and now it's only every other week. every time i get a notification about a new episode i feel like oh here we go, not excited at all. listen to criminal instead."
"Loved season 1.. Seemed groundbreaking in a lot of ways. 

Season seems to be ambling along with no real direction or purpose."
"Season 1 crushed it. Season 2 has put me to sleep twice now. See you again for season 3!"
"Even if you believe his version of events.... I'll sum it up for you, he's an idiot who got captured.  Wow, compelling stuff Serial!!! (Sarcasm pretty heavy.)"
"Season 1 of Serial was fabulous, but Season 2 so far is quite boring and disappointing."
"Season Two is awful, not matter how they try to spin it. It wasn't worth waiting a week the first time around, this ""revamp"" ever 2 weeks - no thanks."
"I loved the first season. I can't stand the second even after trudging through the first episodes. I'm going to have to unfollow."
"Season 1 was interesting, Season 2 on the other hand is boring and not interesting at all. It doesn’t have to be a murder mystery like the 1st season or Making a Murderer but it should at least be interesting to listen to. With Season 1 I couldn’t wait to hear the next episode and now I’ve completely unsubscribed. And especially with them moving to biweekly, what’s the point? 

And also this isn’t Sarah Koenig’s work, it’s Mark Boal’s work who recorded all the interviews with Bergdahl and just gave them to SK. There’s no structure to this season. I’ll come back for Season 3, hope it’s more interesting that this Bergdahl snoozefest."
"First I wouldn't say he was recused.  He was traded for the release of 5 terrorist.  He left on his own.  Men died for trying to find him.  I cannot believe Serial is this low to cover this guy.  Like many others said season 1 was great!!  I will not listen to season 2."
"Season one captivating. New season is very boring. Well done but the team picked a very bad story."
"Had super high hopes after the great storytelling in Season 1, but have been super disappointed in Season 2. It doesn't seem like any original content is being created here. I mean there are a couple of new angles to the Bergdahl case, but, for the most part, Serial is just reusing an interview that was already taped and details that have already been laid out to the public at-large. On top of that, going every other week for a podcast that says ""a story every week"" is a major letdown. I've unfortunately unsubscribed and will devote my attention to Criminal podcast."
"The first episode of this new season was extremely promising.  Now, a few episodes in, I just can’t bring myself to keep listening.  It is truly dull.  

The first season with Adnan’s story was truly wonderful!  I wish this season was even half- no, even a quarter as interesting.  This season is just lacking."
"amazing first season wish i could have said it again for season 2 but no! one hit wonder? probably!"
"The first season, of ""who dun it""? with Hae, and Adnan was excellent. 5 stars can't say enough. Simply perfect. I couldn't get enough.

This new season however, I have to keep rewinding because I daze off. No addiction here, loses me every few minutes to my own thoughts. Boring."
"Not interested enough to wait for bi-weekly podcasts.  Unsubscribing today.  Disappointed."
"Not cool man, without atleast one episode a week this show will lose the continuity to the story. My solution is to unsubscribe until next year, at which time I'll just DL all of the episodes together. If you would like me to stay tuned... make more content, not less."
"If your adding more episodes and have lots more material then why stretch it out more??? I already didn't like waiting a week. I'll just wait and listen once they are all out and definitely not donating again to a ""weekly podcast that needs your money to continue to do more and better shows"" I didn't think that meant less content per month tho."
"Loved Season 1, but Season 2 is completely pointless! As someone who has a child in the military, this story just pisses me off. Quit trying to get sympathy for a ""Soldier"" whose job is to take orders & NEVER disobey orders decides to ""run away"" & cry to others about his CO. Whether you believe right or wrong, this is NOT how military works & he was a baby for doing what he did. I feel LESS THAN ZERO sympathy for him as he created his own situation & I see zero reason except Sarah's own political agenda for this to even be story worthy. Shame on you!!!"
"You should have had an episode today, the day you decided to limit episodes to twice a month, instead of a 2 minute notice about the format change! You don't present bad news well- the news should have come with an episode and at the end inform us about the change."
"Season 1 was GREAT! I loved delving into a murder mystery and meeting all these new characters and hearing their perspectives on what happened to Hae. But season 2 is just a story about a glorified crybaby narcissist that went AWOL. I'm very disappointed and can't wait for season 3. Hopefully it'll be better than season 2."
"Season two is awful, very poor choice of topic in the Bergdahl story."
"I think like most, i found the first season very interesting. While it had its flaws, the subject matter was intriguing. 

Season 2 is a different story. The subject matter is uninspired. I have no interest in Bowe Berghdal. Enough was said about his situation. I was hoping the season would leverage his story as a stepping stone in exploring the military system but after 4 episodes, it doesn't seem like it. Not sure how many more episodes can be made about Berghdal. 

Disappointing."
"Really wanted to like this and probably was enjoying the first half of the series. Big fan of TAL and true crime but this series offers nothing other than highlighting details whose importance may have been downplayed during the initial investigation. It makes some valid points when analyzing the event and court proceedings, but offers nothing more than speculation, semantics, and open thought which makes something like this lose almost all of it's worth. Will try the second season hopefully they have more to go off of."
"I'm sorry to say I am very disappointed in the story season two has brought to us. It's no where close to what I had assumed I had coming my way. All year long I've been choosing different podcasts trying to get my serial fix and nothing did the trick. Unfortunately, so far, serial can't fix my serial fix either. I mean the only thing the two cases have in common is that they are criminal cases. I hate to give a bad review to this podcast since I am positive they have poured their heart and soul into the making of this season but, I am just not feeling it. I actually find myself losing attention when I do run out of other podcast and serial is the only one left and I have to try and force myself to listen :(.
Season 1: absolutely delicious to my ears
Season 2: I need more ear wax."
"During season 1, Koenig asked for money from listeners for season 2.  The story she chose has already been widely covered, and she uses a ton of outside material.  I am curious as to what they spent the money on.  It is terrible."
"I was a huge fan of the first season. It appeared that Ms. Koenig presented both sides of the story with unbiased information. I was particularly excited for the start of season 2. Unfortunately season 2 has not lived up to the level of season 1. Ms. Koenig's neutral stance appears to have disappeared. She interjects her bias in a way that makes this listener feel like Serial has evolved into a platform for Ms. Koenig's one woman lobby to exonerate Bergdahl. The fact is Mr. Bergdahl abandoned his unit and in the process put many, many American lives in danger. The effort to bring him home resulted in loss of life. As the series has progressed I have hoped for more compelling information in support of Mr. Bergdahl. Unfortunately the show has evolved into a parade of excuses and regret on his part. I'm certain many people serving time for lesser crimes have regretted the lapse in judgement that resulted in their prison sentence. Nonetheless, regret does not absolve one of the crime. I hope to hear Series put forth more balanced compelling reasons to support Bergdahl. I'm not holding my breath."
"If it ain't broke then don't fix it. Season 1 was great, but you ruined a good thing with Season 2. The murder mystery formula works (just look at all the buzz around Netflix's Making a Murderer) and you should have stuck with what works. Give Season 1 a listen, but skip Season 2."
"Koenig reading too much of her own press.  Season 2 weak AF"
"I regret investing /contribute to Season 2.  Not as gripping/engaging as Season 1."
"Was hoping for something in Season 2 as compelling as Season 1. So bummed!"
"This is garbage, anyone with critical thinking skills will be able to see through this.

For example at one point they say something along the lines of: ""all the soldiers we talked to said OP MEST was awful"". Well what does that mean? Did you talk to one soldier? Two? Two thousand? Either way the statement is true but probably not statistically significant in any way.

Same as last serial but even worse: cast doubt, ignore facts, humanize him and allow him to get away with murder.

Do yourself a favor and search for ""MSG Mark Allen"" and then decide if you really want to listen to this garbage."
"The story keeps waffling and not really discussing anything interesting about the case. It sounds more like she's reading from a newspaper. I tried to get into this, as I am a HUGE true crime fan. No thanks."
"As an OIF and OEF Veteran, this show sickens me and is designed solely to gain sympathy for Bergdahl."
"Season 1 was perfection, Season 2 had a lot to live up to, but I lowered my expectations and dove in head first.

This season seems like a half-hearted production. Listening to tapes of someone else speaking to Bergdahl and Koenig playing them/commenting on them is lazy and completely lackluster. 

Very disappointed with Season 2 and don't think I'll be eager to finish it anytime soon."
"Although I think she does a good job, I just can't get into season two of the same way that I did season one. I just don't have the same emotional attachment to this subject matter. This story is lacking characters and doesn't have the same level of curiosity either."
"👎🏻"
"This season is not nearly as good as season one. Partly because of the topic of choice, and partly because Sarah seems much less interested herself. I'm season one there was much more ambiguity over the subject and his guilt. There is no doubt of the mess caused by Beau and his insane choices, nor is there doubt of his guilt in regards to the law. I cannot sympathize with him at all, and although I have listened to the first three episodes, have not decided whether to bother with the rest, unless Sarah can instill some interest soon."
"I started listening the first season and loved it.  I left thinking that the person was innocent, and that there was much more to the story.  The second season I am perplexed at how the show seems to sympathize with a man that abandoned his post and had men killed trying to return him.  The woman says ""some say he is responsible for their deaths"", plays clips of Republicans demanding his court marshal and acts like they are cruel, evil people--the entire show portrays a traitor as the victim.  Now that the podcast has revealed its political bias and skewed perspective, I'm done."
"Season 2 does not start off as strong or engaging.  This story is more cut and dry compared to season 1, and you can really tell that Sarah leans towards his innocence within the scope of the case.  I am not a fan of how she minimizes the danger and resources that were put forth to rescue a deserter.  He admits to being a deserter, and that is illegal.  There isn't much more to debate."
"Season 2 has no suspense. It's long and uninteresting. I have a hard time getting through an episode."
"I loved season 1!  Season 2 subject matter...yawn.  I really hope next season is better. I will try again."
"If your familiar with the TV show ""Lost"" you will understand my warning... Be prepared to feel exactly the same you did after watching the finale.  You will have tons of great questions that you can't wait until the next episode to get answers about but instead of answers you get more questions.  They are great questions, so compelling that I could not wait in between episodes and finished the entire first season in just two days, but what is the purpose of great questions if you will never get  any answers?  I easily would have given this 5-stars as long as she could have given us a couple answers or even just one.  You can save yourself a lot of time and just read a wiki about the case and you'll get all the same info.  Anyone like myself that listened to all of this deserves a follow up episode with real answers, hopefully the author has some resemblance of a conscience and will do something to help us get some truth.  Unfortunately though it seems like she will just forget about all of us and just make new stories before ever finishing the old one.  If you want to see something to prove my point just look at the list of reviews... Almost every five star is written by listeners still in the middle of the story and whenever you read the ones by people already done they give it one star.  Just like Lost it is a great story but the lack of an ending means I would only recommend this if you are completely bored and have nothing else better to listen to.  On a diff note...the author does speak extremely fast.  This does not bother me at all but made my wife unable to enjoy the podcast at all."
"Limited minds thrive on the limited vocabulary of this show. I take exception to foul language and teach my family the same. Disappointed."
"2nd Season provided by Obama Administration to excuse traitor."
"The investigation and reporting are well done, but it is severely underwhelming. If you came to this podcast such as I did because people told you it's ""the best podcast ever,"" don't listen to it. Lower your expectations. I had heard it's the best ever which led to believe it would have ended differently. It's like a 10 hour lap dance with no ending."
"WOW. It appears that Serial and True Detective will mark 2015 as the year that sophomore seasons of phenomenal works were left to completely screw the pooch and disappoint."
"Seems like a propaganda show for the traitors lawyers. I had heard how great it was. I was excited to get a clearer picture of this story. This falls far short of the unbiased standard I would expect from serious journalists."
"First season was great. Second season is a very very poor choice. This is a cut and dry case. I can't believe this is the best they could come up with."
"I was a big fan of the Season 1 and was looking forward to the 2nd season. I was very disappointed in episode one. Bergdahl appears to be so stupid, I’m not sure I can listen to the season. I was in the military and understand fully the frustration of feeling you are being directed by incompetent leaders. There are ways to address incompetence. Bergdahl doesn’t come across as smart enough to be a whistle blower. He comes across as uninteresting, naive, and stupid. Thus far, I don’t care about him or what happens to him. I will give the 2nd episode a shot to see if it picks up at all. If so I’ll hang in there; however, I am skeptical given what we learned in the first episode. I can’t speak to his pending Courts Martial, but if episode 1 is any indicator, he is indeed guilty of gross stupidity."
"Season 2 is like a boring baseball game not even worthy to be on the radio as you work in the yard. Yaaaaawwwwewnnnnnn."
"Investigate deflategate"
"The host has made up her mind that Bergdahl is innocent of any wrong doing & is just using this season to push her agenda. She does not think that he should be punished for desertion or for putting his fellow soldiers in danger by sneaking away. It is gross to hear her refer to him as a 'hero'. & as she did in the first season Sarah is just crowbarring in what she believes & expecting the listener to follow her lead (true unbiased journalism at work, like how she insisted that Adnan was innocent even though he is clearly guilty). Unsubscribed & sickened by her Obama pandering, trying to make trading 5 terrorists for 1 liar seem justified."
"This podcast just inserts doubt into a 15 yeqr old case and it infuriates me how they ask people what they did on a wednesday 15 years ago!!

Are you dense?  Its obvious the host has no grasp of what time does to people's memory.

Human memory is not very reliable.

This case had a witness who put the ex boyfriend who got dumped with the body of the victim in a trunk of a car.  It does not get any more cut and dry as far as motives go.

Please dont make any more of these garbage podcasts that gives killers supporters and glorified them."
"Season 2: Huge disappointment! Sarah what were you thinking? I'll tune in next fall & check out the story"
"I have been a Serial listener from the start and listen to all the podcasts still airing. After the first episode of season 2, I have no interset in listening to this.  Come on  Sarah, You can do better"
"I tried to get through two episodes. I just can't. Boring. Boring. Boring."
"You make us wait a year, and then you decide to do a show on a coward who got many good men killed? He deserves the firing squad. Not air time. Unsubscribed."
"Good quality and interesting, but dragged out. Imagine an episode of This American Life that lasts for 12 episodes.... 
I don't understand why this one stays so high in the top charts. Guys, there are so many other amazing podcasts out there."
"File for season1 ep 2 is broken and doesn't play after 3 mins in."
"I really enjoyed Season 1 but am thoroughly disgusted that the topic of Season 2 is a traitor that's going to have a positive spin put on him. I'll be unsubscribing."
"Wow.  The number #1 podcast I the word huh?   Never got this. Not from the first episode.  Her tone is so grating, snarky, privileged,  boring,  I find it impossible to focus on the stories she's telling.  Replace her voice with Joe Franks and maybe this approaches a deserved amount of praise.   But it's the hunger games of podcasts.  All the bluster with forceps opening your mouth to shovel into your gullet.   Destined for the dustbin of history along with Jellie shoes and parachute pants."
"I love the production and presentation of Serial. The problem is it's now presented 2 stories with no ending."
"As a person connected to the military for almost two decades, this season is starting off being difficult to listen to. I really enjoy the way these stories are told. Unfortunately, after listening to the first episode, this story is (for lack of a better word) BS. “I wanted to be like Jason Borne” “I wanted to give a gift of intel to the FOB when I arrived.” Those statements make me sure that he’s spent his time in captivity coming up with this story. No soldier I know would say that crap. 
I will submit another review after I listen to all of it, but as of right now, I’ve said, “BS” in my head about 50 times in the first episode."
"I'm sorry. This rating has nothing to do with the show itself as I loved Season 1. I have a problem with having a Traitor as the topic of Season 2. I have no interest at all and believe he should be put in front of a firing squad for his Desertion and Misbehavior in Front of the Enemy. He swore an oath to defend this country, and he walked off. Trading 5 Taliban for his worthless being is the worst thing Obama has done in office.

God Bless America. 🇺🇸"
"I hate the new season not as interesting as adnan's case"
"Garbage"
"I enjoyed the ride but the ending made it a complete and utter waste of time"
"How is this podcast still at the top of the polls? It was interesting for like the first 3 episodes. 
Then it just kept rehashing and the host basically mentally masturbated and navel gazed and nothing was unearthed. 
It was like a weeks long episode of 48 hours that could have been condensed into an hour. 
Sure, some people liked it, and the usual sycophantic types started podcasts about this podcast like they were translating the Rosetta Stone. 
There are a lot of much MUCH better podcasts out there, including true crime focused ones. 
Give this podcast a decent burial and let's move on already."
"No question Serial is great entertainment.  SK knows how to spin a yarn and that’s exactly what she does here.  Unfortunately this “story” is a murder case with appeals still going on (the latest going in Syed’s favor) so it’s really troubling to have it presented with so much spin to emphasize the drama at the expense of being manipulative and giving a skewed impression of the case.  These are people’s lives, reality TV tactics do play up the suspense and entertainment but that just isn’t appropriate for a topic like this.

Not to mention that since Serial aired, there have been MANY revelations of new information that cast the case in a new light.  Hard to tell if Serial was sloppy and missed them, or intentionally left out things that didn’t fit the storytelling.

For someone interested in the case, this podcast is a begrudging necessity if only to get the story set up before moving on to better, more honest, and more thorough sources of info about the case."
"Spoiler: there's no ending."
"Anticlimactic to make an understatement. Tricks you and ends up no where. I coulda researched this on my own."
"This is garbage for trash people who have nothing better to do than play pretend with real life tragedy. Everyone involved should be ashamed.  

The host is a poor journalist and worse person."
"Honestly I was hooked for the first few episodes. After that though the quality of the series quickly goes downhill. Disappointing after such a strong first few episodes."
"Its a fact that an eyewitness is the most unreliable witness and that's predominantly what's on showcase here. 
There's one episode where they mention cell phone records...something undeniable, and it's glossed over. Yet, other arbitrary details are exhausted to no end. 
It's a frustrating experience. Partially due to the lack of evidence and part to the flaws in human character. This just drudges it out for 9 episodes."
"How does a inactive podcast stay on top list. Was good but didn't last long."
"Sadly I trudged through all 12 episodes, each one more disappointing than the last. The only good thing about the entire series? The concept. Perhaps there is hope for future narratives."
"Ok it is what it is. Wether you think he did it or didn't do it now what? 
Are we supposed to keep this in our podcast feed forever? Will there be another case? Will this case continue? 
I've been waiting for another season but nothing is happening. Where is this going? One would think a podcast would continue either with this case or something else. 
Very disappointing that it just stops with no word as to if the podcast is continuing or this is all you get. 
This is a very bad way to leave things."
"Thank you for wasting 12 hours of my life to what amounts to a journalistic ""shoulder shrug"". I will not tune in to Season 2."
"Couldn't get through the first episode."
"This comes to no conclusion. It goes against the whole concept of the podcast-a story told in a series of episodes. It should move take you to a final destination but it doesn't. You can get the gist of the entire series by listening to the first episode. You'll never move beyond that point. Just annoying to listen to. If my ears wanted to run in circles, they could listen to this podcast."
"So, this journalist spent years wasting hers, and countless others time, to find out nothing about a murder. Now she wants to waste yours too! Spoiler alert! SHE FINDS NOTHING"
"I don't like a story with no end."
"I think this podcast is really skewed and biased until about episode 11. In episode 11, you start to feel SK is finally coming to her senses in this whole thing only to be drag back down into the abyss. If this podcast was truly fair in reporting, then I would  have gave it five stars."
"A very well done and well narrated account of a murder that *SPOILER ALERT*

 has no outcome. Give me my 10 hours back"
"I am a huge fan of true crime stories and although I am quite certain Adnan killed his girlfriend in a burst of teenage hormone fueled rage I thought this might provide the ability to change my mind or at least introduce reasonable doubt. It did not. Instead I found it to be really underwhelming. The narrator Sarah Koenig seems  enamored with the murderer and gives him much more benefit of the doubt than a typical person would. At one point she tells him she knows him and it doesn't seem like something he would do and Adnan himself reminds her that she doesn't know him and this bothers her so much she spends maybe 5-10 min prattling on about how she DOES know him. She even goes on to bring it up at their next conversation because it bothered her so much. I found it laughable and embarrassing. There were moments where Adnans serial killer red flag alerts were blazing and she chose to ignore it. He was very glib and superficial and there were some points where for all of his glibness he still could not answer a question directly. HELLO SARAH K! That means he did it! She focused on poking the most minuscule of holes in the prosecutions case meanwhile completely ignoring the huge gaping ones in Adnan's. To me, this entire podcast was biased and seemed to be Sarah K. Stirring up a lot of old hurt for the possible acquittal of a murderer. It reminded me of the women who become groupies of notorious murderers. Sarah didn't uncover anything new or fascinating or earth shattering. This was sensationalism. Not journalism."
"12 episodes with no resolve to the story. No new information and nothing solid to say he did it or didn't do it. 

Don't fall for the hype."
"This was a really good story. A little to much detail to find an empty ending. Give it a listen to see what I mean. Last three episodes are pointless."
"I found the premise very interesting. I liked the idea of taking a closer look at an old case, but finding something new or noteworthy that was missed or misinterpreted at the time. That did not happen. Nothing ever came of any of it. All this time wasted - theirs reexamining the past and mine listening to it all play out in excruciating yet ultimately unproductive detail. I am left at the end of it all feeling as though I've wasted my time. I will pass on any future seasons. Spoiler alert -- there are no spoilers."
"I'm a pretty big true crime fan so I went into this excited. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. It's just not very good. The narrater doesn't seem to have a background in this sort of field and it shows. She brings this sort of cheery NPR vibe to it and I don't think it's really appropriate in my opinion. Maybe it's just because I wanted a sort of late night noir vibe. The case itself is interesting enough I guess. Although it doesn't really stand out as anything too intriguing. It's not really told in a way that kept me hooked. Just seemed like minor bits of evidence scattered amongst several dull episodes of he said she said. I wish they would have gotten an actual investigator to narrate/research and kept the radio producers behind the scenes. Anyway if you're a big true crime fan I'd say skip this. There's plenty of other great true crime books, documentaries and shows out there to check out.  If you're not experienced with the subject and just want a light mystery series to listen to while you exercise or do chores or something check it out."
"The series contained a few tidbits of interest (e.g.  preparation by Adnan's lawyer to present scientific evidemce) but it's mostly the semi-coherent rambling of a narrator with a fondness for the sound of her own voice. Get an editor."
"Serial is a compelling production, with great music, but it seems that reality got away from the team. This is surprising in that it’s backed by This American Life. The ending of the first season leaves more questions than they started with, and it seems like all the time listening was for naught. A sad story they dredged up is made doubly so by the Serial team’s casual and somewhat reckless conjecture and speculation."
"That is approximately the last sentence of the last episode. After hours and hours of listening to this podcast and thinking that there would be a point to the whole thing, there is no closure and nothing has changed."
"The implicit promise that, even if this show doesn't find the truth of the case, it will at least get to the bottum of some things, is nothing but a smoke screen.

It dwells for whole episodes on threads the producers MUST know are leading nowhere, while simple facts cricitical to the case are barely examined. The question of ""Was there a payphone at the Best Buy"" where a critical call is supposed to have been made is first left an unknown due to lack of facts early on. Later in the show, it is pronounced that the presence of the phone was very unlikely. In the FINAL episode it is revealed that the phone most certainly existed on the original blueprints! Seriously!?!?!? After a YEAR of chasing this story and thirteen ADDITIONAL weeks of investigating, someone only thought to check the blueprints just in time for the last episode?!?!?!?!

Either the producers are deliberately stringing the listeners along, or they are the WORST investigators EVER!!!!!"
"Great setup and idea.... Complete waste of time in my opinion once I was finished. How they got approved for another season of dragging people along.... Is ridiculous"
"When I read the description of the podcast, it seemed intriguing. A story in which we find out the truth with the narrator herself. But this is not what this podcast entails. Instead it drags out details and goes over the same things over and over again, with no true ending. In the end it just comes off as a non-expert who believes she knows more than anyone else who had been involved with the case, enough to  solve it for herself but falls short once she realizes...well, you can't. She opens a closed door for many by bringing up this case, and although she acknowledges this, she doesn't seem sorry in the slightest..."
"12 hours - spoiler - who knows who did it. You can thank me later."
"Sloppy. Plays fast and loose with a lot of people's real lives. Played it like some old timey drama."
"This is the equivalent to gossiping around the water cooler about a murder in the area. I listen to podcasts to be entertained. The first few episodes hooked me, but after that it went brutally stagnant.  Sounds like they got in too deep on a cold case and had to release something, anything."
"3 minute bursts of this voiceover is ok for news, but this material is way too long for this kind of delivery. They should have employed actors! Couldn’t get throughout the first episode."
"There's a lot not to like about Season 1 of Serial. For one, I get a general sense from every interview that pulling this 15 year old case from the grave was done in a less-than-tactful manner. There’s something a bit pompous in the way that the producers approach the subject, as if they already have an axe to grind. The listener should also consider that these are real lives at stake here. The victim’s family is pulled through what I am sure is an unending nightmare for them; the producers even have the gall to attempt approaching the family toward the end of the season.

Compound this with the fact that the details of this case are just so ticky tacky and wishy washy that it’s downright hard to care. Every single interview is a case of he-said she-said, and almost nothing here lines up. It could be that 15 years is a long time to ask of anyone to remember a few days’ time, or the fact that half the people involved in this story seem to have been high as a kite while this whole tragedy was unfolding, or it could be the even more likely fact that no one really knows anything about this case and everyone is speculating on speculation. The producers feed into this speculation and even lead their interviewees down wild goose chases.

Which begs the question: so what? What are we to garner from this 10+ hour ramshackle of a story? Are we to feel bad? For who? And about what? Toward the end, the series hints a bit toward the dysfunction of the legal system, which I think could have been a compelling ending, but the producers opted not to take sides on this matter.

In all, I listened through to see where we would end up. But ultimately I wish I had gotten off at the first stop."
"I started Serial because This American Life produced it. I didn’t understand the craze and still don’t. This podcast could have been done in 2-3 episodes if there wasn’t so much speculative rambling. The host gets very annoying 2-3 episodes in and I stopped for a while. Finished it this past week and was left with the idea of “thats it?” If anyone is listening to this, just skip to the last episode. You pretty much get the whole show summed up (again, they do this almost every episode) and you don’t have to waste the time listening to this. I’d say “do better next time,” but I don’t care cause I won’t listen next time."
"Why the hell does this podcast exist? I mean. You essentially just went over a case that’s already been ruled on, taken 8-10 hours of my life, with no conclusion. I’m sorry. It was good storytelling and great research, but so what? I am a PhD and there has to be a “so what” answer to my work. I just don’t get it."
"Disappointed. TAL should've done a better job on choosing the initial subject matter. You are left in the same place that you began. They could've just given a one sentence synopsis and savde me the hours of listening. ""there's this guy convicted of murder, but maaaaaybe he didn't do it."" That's about as solid as the evidence they present. crap"
"Why do a podcast on a murder if you never find out who did it?"
"I remember this story from TAL and thought it was interesting but I don't know what possessed them into thinking it would be worth doing for almost 12 hours. I'm cutting my losses and bailing out now."
"I have to hand it to Sarah and the crew, their expert skills of presenting a first class podcast cannot be understated. The production team did an excellent job of captivating the audience and turned this nonstory into a must listen podcast. If you are interested in creating a good podcast, pay attention to the technical expertise of these professionals.

As for the actual story... don't waste your time hoping for actual content or substance. I'm sure the production team spent a lot of time on this, but I have to say the actual story is pretty cut and dry. Basically, guy A kills his ex-girlfriend and guy B helps him cover it up and then tells on him. Cue curtains.

But here's what interests me... you always get the feeling Sarah wants to take her questioning to the next level, maybe badger Adnan a little or straight call him out. I can tell she wants to sit this pathological liar down in the interrogation room, underneath the blistering heat of an incandescent lamp and make him sweat- maybe make him strap on some tight shoes and then go old school upside his smug little smile with a telephone book. I wish she would have too. Ultimately, she just wants him to tell the truth and cop to everything because deep down, her instincts won't let go of the fact that he's guilty. 

But you can also tell her brain tricks her into giving him the benefit of the doubt- maybe because he's a minority. Maybe beacuse a 'white savior complex' compels her toward an errant quest of chasing shadows. But no matter how hard you might will it, Sarah, you can't rescue the hollow carapace of this pathetic perjurer- he doesn't even once say he misses her or show the slightest grief over her death, weren't they friends?! Sad really, because there are so many other cases of similiar verve in which the antagonist is actually innocent. Besides, if this were simply a case of the cops pinning a crime on the minority, they would have convicted the black friend- that train is never late!

Finally, Adnan's zen-like resolution to his lot in life is not the discovered state of peace romantically connoted in similiarly fashioned tales of an innocent convicted of a crime he didn't commit; it is the tacit conclusion of a confidence man who got what he deserved.

Upshot: MailChimp got their money's worth from every advertising cent spent on this podcast. I just hope Sarah eventually pitbull's in on a real story, one sturdy enough to warrant the Pulitzer she's capable of."
"This just doesn't feel right.  I think she put her hopes of having a hit podcast ahead and actual journalism.  Don't know if the concept is inherently flawed but she seemed to have blinders on even though she painted a picture of neutrality."
"I was thinking this podcast was going to be about Frosted Flakes and Cheerios. Don't bother with this one."
"The dude is guilty.  No way he wasn’t a part of it.  Such a waste of time."
"Good to hear a long form piece. However, somewhat low in payoff and extended past what it needed to be IMO."
"Way over rated, this is no TAL and the fact that they keep mentioning TAL and riding that tail coat is bothersome. Remove all the names they throw around to promote the show and all you are left with is very annoying sound effects and a want-to-be reporter. Fail!"
"Not a very good story without a conclusion.  Waste of time...won't be listening next season."
"Horrible ending, seemed very rushed. Story told well, keeps you wanting to listen more. But a cop out of an ending."
"this is objective, unbiased reporting?  Sarah sounded like a naive fangirl with a crush from episode ONE.....whether or not this man is innocent or guilty is besides the point--she clearly had this little fantasy in her head of finding that one clue that would set an innocent man free and make her a national hero.  Also, she seemed to have almost zero knowledge of crime scenes or murder trials, making her absolutely useless as a reporter.  This came from NPR?  What a joke."
"Not knowing if Adnan is truly innocent or guilty is a huge let down.  I'm glad I didn't donate and funds."
"Why on earth is the world obsessed with this?  The music and general production are top notch, but the story is so meandering and pointless.  The only reason this is a ""phenomenon"" is that American's are obsessed with crime drama.  I'll take This American Life, Radio Lab, or any other good story telling podcast over this any day."
"please see above"
"The narrator doesn't seem too bright.  She sounds like the type that would fall in love with a serial killer. The guy obviously did it. She focuses on the things that are questionable, but when there's good evidence against him she often downplays it. I feel sorry for the family of the young lady."
"This podcast is a waste of time and not worth it. You don't need 12 episodes of highly overproduced radio to reach the conclusion that sometimes it is hard to tell what is true from what is not"
"Can't stop listening!"
"Yep, so going to play the devil's advocate here. Sorry to the fans! This is just how I feel. Here we go:

Finally tried to give this a listen. Keyword: tried, like I really tried, but it was so difficult to listen to. I just couldn't stand the format, pace and narration. It's so darn slow! If there was an addition to the collection of antonyms to the word: 'succinct', 'Serial' would belong there. I think the narrator's organization is akin to walking in a sparsely filled parking lot blindfolded in hopes that several episodes later you'll finally find where you parked when you realize you only live a block away you should have just walked home straight in the first place. They could have improved the suspense by making this into 1 or 2 episodes series simply by removing all of the speculation and gossip by the narrator. On the other hand, the quality of recording and actual audio inserts were nice :D but not nice enough to make up for each episode's fragmented cadence. 　 Sorry guys gals, I really tried to like it, but the way its narrated just drags. Listening to each episode is like waiting for a webpage to load on a dial-up line running AOL 2.0 and then you're bombarded by pop-ups full of speculation further adding to the cumbersome experience. 

Lastly, this is a really sad story. A poor girl was murdered and this dude who probably did it is being remembered for it when his name should have be forgotten like all the other American Idols after Kelly Clarkson. The storytelling was more subjective than informative and the fact that some people find this entertaining, makes this that much more tragic.

Again sorry to the fans! But I'm with the others on this one. Hopefully the next series will be better. I'll give it another shot then!"
"After twelve episodes, I am now deeply disappointed in this well-crafted but hollow podcast."
"There's just nothing ever new to say.  It's not a mystery - the only plot 'twists' are omitted facts which are later revealed, so information is selectively portrayed.  Also she continually leads the people she's interviewing - never asking them what happened, but rather reading a statement of events and then asking them to corroborate.  Don't waste 8 hours on this."
"Botched, high-end tabloid journalism.  Serial undertakes to discover the Truth about a murder case (way to big a task in this case), and doesn’t, and then tries way to hard to cover its tracks and somehow claim that it’s OK to have gone through this exercise without acknowledging all of the collateral damage it has inflicted.  Botched: because it doesn’t accomplish any worthy purpose except capturing our interest.  High-end: because it is approached under the pretense of a balanced story-telling experience.  Tabloid: because it drags a lot of people through the mud (especially the crime victim’s family, and another last-minute suspect who is conveniently dead and can’t defend himself) without establishing any conclusion.  Serial pays frequent lip service to, but ultimately has no respect for, the question: How do we really know any of this?  I am not connected to this case in any way, and I love This American Life and the kind of work they do.  I listened to every minute of Serial from start to finish.  To those ""enjoy the journey” types who maybe don’t care as much about the means used to produce their chosen content, or the end to which it is leading, I say: in the last several episodes Serial plods along in such an unsatisfying, gossipy, dithering way as to insult everyone involved.  There is a lot of talent involved in its production, to be sure, but I will definitely read the reviews and ignore the spoiler alerts IF there’s another season.  Wow what a waste of talent and my time."
"Story's are supposed to have a beginning, a middle and an end. 12 weeks of rapt attention finished up with ""who knows what really happened?"" Incredibly unsatisfying to say the least. I was left with the same feeling you get after going to bad mystery dinner theater - the whodunnit suspense keeps you there through the less than great food but at least you find out who actually did it!"
"I tried to play the podcast and it wouldn't play and i tried what he website said but it wouldn't work"
"I can´t download it. For days, it has been absolutely impossible to get just one episode. It´s just not downloadable….. WHY?????"
"This podcast went from really entertaining and interesting to just filler content.  Unless there is some great twist at the end, this story lost it's luster after episode 6 or 7."
"I read about this on the ""Must List""in EW. It was already four episodes in when I started listening so, of course, I listened to them all. Now I go thru withdrawal every week waiting for the next installment!!"
"Let me start by saying this I love this American life.this show appears to be coming at you with the same sophistication and intelligence,but it's actually just nine or 10 hours or God only knows how long this will last of rumors  and innuendos.I officially hate the show and it makes me reconsider my thoughts about this American life.so far I've just been manipulated for hours thanks a lot"
"Seriously reaching in this series. She is routing for the convict the entire time. 

Biggest inconsistency: check the email login logs to check if he indeed logged in from the library to his email. Those would be kept in backup tapes kept in a separate facility. But then we wouldn't have this series..."
"I listened to the first several episodes and then quit after the one where they spend an hour driving around and chatting.  We could have learned that info in like 10 minutes- not 45.  Every episode I’ve heard should be  1/2 as long as it is.  

I tried Serial again today because of the hype it’s been receiving and it’s still terrible.  The last two I listened to were all about Sarah’s feelings and her process of discovery.  BORING!

I just quit in the middle of the one where she is interviewing an attorney and says “I feel” like 30 times in 4 minutes.  (I’m probably exaggerating slightly:)   

There is way to much narration and not enough real listening.  It’s like listening to a friend tell you about a tv show plot or something- Please just show me…

Anyways- I love T.A.L and have been listening every week for as long as I can remember but this is a stinker in my book."
"There’s lots of details about the lives of ordinary teenagers just like on Ira’s show. Which can be interesting in small doses if there is insightful commentary or it is colorful in itself. Here it is all splayed out with little momentum behind it. The podcast combines the earnest storytelling charm of TAL with the morbid puzzle-solving of all our grandmas’ favorites like Matlock and Murder She Wrote. What makes it seem unique is that’s it’s a new form for podcasts and it’s not about elderly people. Once you get over that, the mystery and intrigue quickly dissipate.

As a side note, Serial underlines the iPod’s perplexing inability to order podcast episodes from oldest to newest. Listening to them in serial fashion, one must return to the menu between each episode to scroll up."
"biased reporting from a self-proclaimed regular-person non-crime-reporter non-expert. This is real-life tragedy transformed into subjective, fickle-eyed storytelling for audience entertainment."
"A good idea. Execution is lacking. The story wanders into many directions, and it doesn't seem organized in a rational way. The host comes across as extremely naïve, and the radio segment itself cannot profess erudition. Overall it seemed to try to track too closely the style of this American life. Without its own voice, and with the hosts who let's the story get away from itself, the podcast was not impressive."
"One of the worst things to ever happen to the podcasting world."
"I really enjoyed this at first but it is going on too long with no apparent plot just wandering facts.  I would like to know how many episodes are associated with each story.  After eight episodes, I don't like it anymore, it just goes on an on."
"The idea of long-format, episodic story telling is fantastic.  That being said, I am truly disgusted by the choice of content.  It is amazing to me that intellectual individuals , such as the producer if this podcast, still don't understand that crimes are almost never logical.  So, just because it doesn't seem consistent with who this young man seemed to be, doesn't mean he didn't do it.  Clearly, clearly, clearly this murderer was the only one with both motive and opportunity.  He did it, period.  
What i question is your judgement.  Giving this murderer 12 hours of fame is sickening; and the incredible amount of pain you are inflicting on the family of this murder victim is astounding.  By leaving this review and closing my checkbook to NPR, I would like to leave a clear message, you have exited the expected sphere of morality and damaged the trust that your listenership demands."
"I like the concept, but the people involved are so unlikable that I can't care about any of them. Barely made it thru the first episode."
"I am a HUGE fan of TAL!!  So yes, I was very excited when I heard of this new podcast.  I was even on board after the first episode.  BUT, it quickly went downhill from there.  Dear god, I felt beat up and even more confused at the end of each episode I unfortunately wasted my time on!   This would have been an excellent 15 minute standard piece on TAL.  Or even an entire episode dedicated to the subject.  But the continual, on-going droning just feels like the producers are just desperately trying to fill time.  I applaud the attempt but it is a big “swing and a miss”!"
"You do you"
"This ain’t no ‘This American Life’ - this is a snoozefest of minutiae. I mean can it get more tedious, majoring on who cares? Seriously, who cares? WHY should I care about any of this?? We are going to find out after hours of painful dissection that he did it. Try listening to ‘Criminal’  instead - and get something worth listening to.

What a waste of time and talent. BORING AND TERRIBLE.

Super disappointing."
"At this point, the only thing this show has going for it is a really good theme song. I was on board in the beginning, now I'm just annoyed. If you don't want me to think Adnan is the killer, please give me at least one other viable suspect with possible motives. You'd think that after five episodes, this might have been mentioned, at least in passing. Maybe this is partly why every time I hear Adnan speak, my gut tells me he's guilty. Unlike the host, I don't find him very likable or interesting. He has the cadence of a liar. More importantly though, the handling of the story isn't nuanced or compelling. The repetitive examination of the same minutiae, episode after episode, is not deepening the tension / mystery, it's flattening it. I do like the premise of the show, and hope they might take some cues from other serialized forms of entertainment, but so far you have not left this listener wanting more."
"I didn’t mind the first episode, but I had to make myself finish the second. There’s still the TAL story-telling style, but without much of a story. They could've fit this into one of their weekly themes and done a much better job."
"I have a number of issues with this: 

1) through 4 episodes, outside of some minor inconsistencies and timeline stuff, there's nothing that says this guy didn't commit this murder. 

2) If he is innocent, then Jay has to be guilty or culpable, for why would he make up such a story? Yet we've barely talked about his possible involvement as more than an accomplice. By ep 1, this is THE QUESTION. Is jay lying and why? Yet it's ep 4 and the question remains unaddressed. Bad or lazy storytelling. 

3) As a narrator, it seems that she forgets that a young girl with a life to live was brutally murdered and buried in a shallow grave. The tone should reflect that. 

Maybe there is not enough material to make 10 episodes, hence we're avoiding the main question and meandering, but I'm not listening further."
"I'm a big fan of TAL so I was excited for this. It's terrible. Listening to Sarah Koenig narrate tapes of her gossiping and speculating about a murder offers no more insight than I could generate on my own. There's nothing interesting about speculation. I'm not listening to a detective or an FBI agent. I'm listening to a radio producer say, Who did it? Who knows?

It's excruciating and getting more credit than it deserves purely because of the names involved."
"First, let me say, that I love serial, and I think it is riveting and beautifully told. That being said I have 2 issues with it. 

The first being: The Episodes are too short!- I don't know about you, but at thins point, I'm just used to a longer format, and it's deeply frustrating to me that each episode seems to end so quickly after it's begun.

Secondly: This whole week to week thing is KILLING ME. They really should have gone with the Netflix season model and released the whole thing, at once, in chapters. As it is I'm thinking I'll stop listening to it until the whole season is out, and I can listen to the whole thing.

besides that... it's great... I HIGHLY reccomend it... just as soon as all the episodes are out."
"I was excited to see that, finally, the first episode was available today. Not only that, but so was the second episode! Unfortunately, there is something wrong with the first episode. It does not download properly. I don't know if the file is corrupt or what, but I tried downloading it again, and it didn't work. The second episode works fine, but since this podcast is serialized, I obviously can't listen to episode two until I've listened to episode one! Please fix this ASAP and send me a downloadable version of episode 1!"
