This is one of those gem podcasts that I subscribe to that makes me feel optimistic when I’m listening to it. There’s a lot of doom in the world today. This lays a clear path for hope & I learn something new every episode!	Refreshing In A Field Of Anxiety!
Love this podcast. I knew a Jodecy once. He was an Irish backpacker and a really cool guy. Thank you again for your show!	Love you guys
I wish everyone on the planet would listen to this podcast. We'd have a better world. Get on it folx. Mx Tonié Field	I wish.....
Some of the greatest sins in history have been at root people treating others as members of groups rather than individuals. This podcast I believe misses this important reality	Flawed thinking
I love the banter on this podcast; the humour of the two presenters shine thru. Maybe my favourite	Banter
Thank you for opening my eyes.	Incredible insight
Fantastic podcast - teaches me something every time I listen	Informative and interesting
Love the show	Great podcast
I really enjoy this podcast because I’m able to learn so much about the diversity of my own country. I enjoy hearing about the history, the people, the struggles, and the triumphs. Gene and Shereen have such wonderful chemistry. I love their storytelling.	Learning
"As an Australian listener I love that this podcast gives insight and perspectives into race relations in America, but find it can also translate and promote reflection into race relations in my own country as well. 
Thanks Code Switch!"	Engaging and informative
Just started listening, it’s now one of my favourite podcasts. Glad I found it!	Great podcast
This is the kind of show I listen to the minute I see there's a new episode. The current series on 'Kings' is particularly brilliant	Brilliant
I'm a white dude trying to stay woke and this is a huge help. Informative and thought provoking. A thousand stars.	Fantastic
This show is well put together and always interesting. Focussing on race issues in America, I always learn something and come away thinking. Definitely check it out.	Get informed
Great podcast. I learn a lot and feel a lot listening to this podcast. I feel seen and see others. The latest episodes on honoring your ancestors are amazing.	Really insightful
If you’re looking to dive into the nitty gritty, beyond simply right and wrong, this is it!	It’s complicated... FINALLY
“Be easy y’all… hydrate!” I am stoked that B.A. Parker will be co-hosting. Their  commentary is some of the best in podcasting. The Codeswitch hosting (and content) has always been spot on, and the team is definitely going from strength to strength.	B. A. Parker!
I love listening too this , interesting and educational.  As a white person , I find it important to learn about the perspective and experiences of other races.	Great!
So great!!	Utterly fantastic
Always learn so much from this show, from perspectives and with lenses I don’t get anywhere else.	Such an important show!
I have learned so much from listening to Code Switch. I love the dynamic between the hosts and the whole team has so much to contribute. I live in Canada but our struggles with race and equity are not far off. It’s hard to hear a lot of the realities that this podcast shines light on but it is so necessary to understand why our current situation isn’t working.	So necessary!
I’ve learned so much from these talented reporters. Listening has opened my eyes and continues to challenge my opinions and views	Thoughtful
This podcast was recommended to me several years ago and it has been an excellent source of learning/unlearning. Although an American show, the issues investigated and reported on are ones which are also present systemic in Canada. By broadcasting their own work as well as the work of others, the team covers a broad range while imparting in-depth knowledge.	Listen and learn
"I’ve been listening to Code Switch for years. I’ve listened to almost every episode! It has given me so much food for thought and has helped me be more anti-racist in my daily life. I love the whole team—when I listen to their voices, I feel like they’re my friends.

I’m giving Code Switch four stars (instead of five) simply because the podcast is US-centric in its perspective. It doesn’t address the legacy of European colonialism around the globe. 

I’m a Canadian woman of Tamil and Sinhalese origin (my parents are immigrants from Sri Lanka). I feel that the economic and psychological legacy of European colonialism is a burden that affects people of colour around the world. If the Code Switch team could include some episodes with more of a global perspective, the podcast would be even better!"	An excellent podcast that could be even better
This podcast is a wealth of information and laughter too. Super hosts, guests, and topics!	LOVE IT
Thank you for all these thoughts and information.	Keep this up.
The most recent episode of the podcast was a difficult, but absolutely necessary listen. I cannot imagine the strength it took to work through and produce it.	Gene, you’re incredible
You rock. Not many are able to talk race in such a sexy way! We need this conversation. Thank you!	Great podcast on race. Love it!!
"Code Switch is my favourite podcast! I’m a transracial adoptee from Canada and an academic, and Code Switch has been a home for me, a place where I can hear and think about issues that feel relevant and urgent to me. 

I love the diversity of topics being brought up: the show tackles events that just happened on the news; it traces the history of a term or an issue; it covers the stories of BIPOCs of all stripes; it even recommends cool books! 

I’m also a fan of the ever nuanced, empathetic, and informed approach which this podcast takes. It isn’t afraid to leave space for ambiguity, grey areas, to show how complex issues are, and to let the listeners make up their own mind. 

The hosts, Shereen and Gene, are charming, smart, and easy to relate to, and I always feel like they ask the right questions. The issues are clearly well-researched and the guests, carefully picked. I’ve learnt a tremendous amount by listening to this podcast. 

Above all, Code Switch is a show with such a big heart. I can’t tell the number of times I teared up in the middle of the street because of something beautiful and hopeful that was said on the show. The episode on transracial adoptees hit me in the feels so hard, and it made me understand myself better. Thanks Code Switch!"	Thought-provoking, nuanced podcast about race
best podcast	best
Some of the best storytelling of American culture and identity that provides a diverse view of what life is like in the United States today.	Excellent storytelling
“I’ve got good union insurance so I’m all set”. That and millions of dollars that you don’t pay taxes on. I get that you speak for the average American. I get that you look like one of us but your not. Stop pretending.	Not quite true.
Thank you for having these tough conversations. It’s amazing to have this podcast as a resource.	Thankful
You keep me woke	Amazing
Why do y have to eat meat in special occasions??? This is not right!!!! To fit with ur friends n culture??? What is this???	Vegan upset
"Most eps are about how non-whites (mostly blacks) are supposedly misunderstood and oppressed for not conforming to ""dominant culture"" (i.e. whitey), and how whitey should be ashamed of himself for not massively increasing spending by billions on free stuff for ""racialized"" groups. They don't invite any normal, rational people onto the podcast to debate their insane leftist identity politics - Code Switch is all about making its listeners more ""woke"". For example, they complain that the stories about the ""word gap"" (how poor black kids start school having heard several MILLION fewer words spoken to them) are guilty of ""deficit thinking"" and unfairly using whites as the norm to compare blacks against. It gets two stars for being fun to laugh at, but this is a bad podcast and they should feel bad for making it."	deluded identity politics echo chamber
Love this discussion about race. Challenging and thought provoking.  Always powerful.	Thoughtful and stimulating
Code Switch was my first real foray into the realm of podcasts about current events, and I'm so glad I started here. Right from the first episode I was hooked - the conversations that are being had by the team on Code Switch immediately made me uncomfortable, but in a productive way. I started to examine my own inherent biases, to explore how I can be a better ally and to confront what my privilege means. Being Canadian, it also gives me an opportunity to explore a lot of the issues facing our neighbours to the south - so I really appreciate a lot of the historic context and explanatory commas sprinkled into each episode. Gene and Shereen have great on-mic chemistry and the entire crew is always great to listen to when they're producing a segment of the show. I recommend this podcast to everyone I know!	Uncomfortable but necessary self reflections
I've learned so much from listening to this podcast. Remarkable, poignant and truthful voices. Thank you for all you do and what you bring to the world.	Remarkable Voices
"I LOVE THIS PODCAST!!
Thank you SO MUCH!! Making space, claiming space, creating space, sharing space, etc. I feel so privileged to have access to this. I just discovered this podcast and now I’m reliving all of 2016 and I’m going. Thank you for all the uncomfortable conversations! MORE porfavor :)"	THANK YOU!
By far my favourite podcast!	Thank you!
"The hosts obviously enjoy each other’s chemistry, but that doesn’t translate into an enjoyable podcast. I did enjoy earlier episodes which felt like there was sufficient effort and planning put into prep for each show. Right now it sounds like people are rolling out of bed and getting on the mic, which doesn’t make for great or even good shows. 

We are spoiled with the quantity of quality content right now, and NPR and Gimlet media have so many great podcasts. For now, I advise you search for those and leave the Code Switch off."	Flipping off the code switch
An interesting and great podcast. Topics are always covered thoroughly and presented well. Not only do I relate to many of the things that are discussed, but I also get to learn about the experiences and issues that other POC face.	A podcast that we need
"This medium is fantastic. And you’ve taken podcasts for conversation of race and identity to a whole new level.

Thank you for your inquisitiveness, imagination and courage for reminding us to be conscious and engaged in our world."	New Pedagogy for Adults
Thank you for keeping dialogues about race, gender and orientation alive in my head. I'm constantly learning and challenging my own POV thanks to this podcast. Keep up the good work.	Stay Woke
Code Switch is an incredibly when done podcast. The hosts, Gene and Shereen, go in-depth on topics about race, politics, and culture. The best podcast discussing these topics in the podcast world. I'm a Canadian, but I can definitely identify with what they discuss and I'm also always learning new things without experiencing burn out (something I commonly face as a woc). They're funny, everything is always well researched, and I'm always excited to hear what they have to talk about.	The most superb podcast
Code Switch is great journalism — smart, funny, informative, heartbreaking. In my neverending quest to #GetWoke, it's vital.	Important
Code Switch's Gene, Shereen and the rest of the team do a fantastic job of bringing up issues of race in ways that are accessible and don't focus on only one group of people. Y'all are doing a great job and thank you so much for this podcast.	So needed
As a woman of colour in North America, I can't tell you how important this podcast has been to my own education. Thank you! Keep up the good work!	I never miss an episode
Thought provoking and heart warming	Brilliant
"Thoughtful, smart discussions, excellent interviews, this is a great podcast.
Have been a fan since the beginning. I love love loved the latest episode about people with mixed cultural/racial identities. I love Gene. Shereen is very awesome too but ya know, we all gotta have our faves ;) 
Please keep it up, you're doing great work!"	I'm a big fan
I'm a Social Studies Educator and I love sharing this podcast with my students. So important. My favourite podcast.	Incredible.
I love codeswitch, I look forward to hearing it every week. Always excited for the new topic and take on current issues, culture and events broken down and explored by the wonderful hosts. Fantastic work!	One of my favourite podcasts!
For the team who puts your shows together- thank you, your podcast is a bright light in a confusing and potentially dark time. I appreciate your take on the many issues POC face and your episode on the explanatory comma, was one I've shared with my husband, in-laws and friends. Keep making it happen!	Yes!!
I started listening to Code Switch after being a long-time listener of Pop Culture Happy Hour, where I always loved Gene Demby and Kat Chow's apperances, and wow, it's a great show: it always manages to have really honest, nuanced, smart conversations about race and identity, with a great range of topics.	Really great!
I had heard about Code Switch on the Pop Culture Happy Hour (Gene Demby is an occasional co-host) but hadn't ever listened to it until the Nate Parker episode. It was so great — a deep, soul-searching examination of what we expect from artists and how their private life affects our view of their art — that I immediately subscribed and downloaded all the back episodes. Can't wait to start mainlining them!	Fascinating stuff
Just awesome! And timely!	Where have you been?
Big fan of the nuance and depth these journalists bring to these stories.	Best NPR show?
Excellent new show!	Yay!
Best new podcast I have heard in ages.	Thank you code switch
I really Like the	Very Cool
Helped me understand and navigate my racial identity in the last five years!	Love it!
I really enjoy the show, the conversations are insightful, open and thought provoking. While Shereen is missed, B.A. Parker is an excellent addition to the show. Thank you all so much for your consistency and hard work!	Thank you!
I love love love your podcast, it’s really informative and I just love listening to you two!	wow
insightful and engaging. Thank you!	Well-researched, well-produced,
It’s a good podcast, but for me it’s a little bit difficult, to understand everything (my native language is not English), so please speak more slowly and clearly. Thank you 😊	👍👍
Ich also das	Hdsfzdddutuududtii es
This podcast is one of the best- researched podcast out there. Thanks so much for your work!	Profound
"… very similar to what the episode describes for accents in the USA, local dialects can very rarely be heard when journalist speak about serious topics in Germany. I just never wondered why. Thank you for the ""thought food""."	Interesting …
Great reporting, interesting and often moving stories and refreshingly open conversations between thoughtful and reflected hosts and guests. One out of three podcasts I listen to weekly.	Weekly must
Great podcast about important and sometimes difficult topics. Very informative and fun. I love listening to them.	Excellent
This podcast covers topics spanning the multitude of cultures - living and lived. It does so authentically and is accessible as well as enriching for listeners of any background.	Insightful and Thought Provoking
Thankyou for pressing on my white fragility to help me learn to treasure our fellow humans of colour. You are gentler than we deserve and your humour and warmth for all - even those of us who do not understand the basics until we listen to your accurate retelling of history - is wonderful ❤️	Thank you for the warmth and wisdom
As a white man wanting to educate myself further on this global issue. I have found this very helpful.	Very informative and honest
"I’ve been subscribed to Code Switch for a couple of months now; every episode, old and new has been a fantastic listen, with well articulated, nuanced perspectives by those who are the most knowledgeable of the subject at hand. 
Keep the episodes coming, they are so necessary during these times of uncertainty, fear, hurt and anger."	Engaging, informative, necessary
Incredibly engaging, informative, enlightening - covering essential topics that don't get coverage in mainstream media. All brilliantly produced and very well researched. Can't recommend it more!	Essential
It’s so smart, entertaining and informative. The topics always feel relevant.	I always feel smarter after listening to this podcast
They cover both ‘the classic’ issues but also often have a new slant or pick up new topics. They go deep (“It’s complicated!”) without becoming too dry or academic. Shereen and Gene, the main presenters have pleasant voices and a good rapport!	Always interesting!!
Really digestible way of understanding complex racial issues. Never miss an episode	For everyone
Really good show with varied topics. Presenters are also stellar. Totally worth the time - so many podcasts out there, this should be one of the ones you have on your list.	Worth the time
This podcast is the best thing I listen to each week. It is so educational and easy to listen to. It makes me laugh, cry, feel anger, frustration, shame - basically a roller coaster of emotions. They talk about such important issues each week, everyone should listen to this podcast because no matter how aware you are about these issues there is always more to learn. I hope they never stop making episodes!	The best podcast I have ever listened to
I am an avid podcast listener, and Code Switch is one of my favourites. Thank you Gene, Shereen and team on educating and entertaining me week after week.	Amazing podcast
Just catching up on 30+ episodes saved to my device while on holiday, great podcast .	Loving it
This is great listening for anyone interested in race, ethnicity and culture in the USA. Intelligent and eye-opening.	Insightful
One of my favorite podcasts	Fascinating and fun
Simply one of the most relevant podcasts. That discusses ongoing concerns of racial identity, politics and the media. With every episode, I feel more informed.	Important Topical commentary
I love every episode.. Smart, thoughtful, breaks it down, totally keeps it 100...	Sooo good
"Loving this podcast, every episode has me fascinated and thinking about race and society in new ways! Keep it up.

Thanks for Scotland"	Totally Educated
Love this show and have been listening for years, but the new co host Lori Lizarraga's vocal fry makes some episodes impossible to listen to! Worse than a Kardashian.	Great topics, but so much vocal fry
彼らの英語はちょっと難しいだけど面白いと思います。	異なった考え方！
This podcast is very r a c i s t.	Waste of time
Everybody should listen to this	Amazing podcast
The hosts do such an amazing job covering all sides of the spectrum on race, identity and sense of belonging. My only problem is, is that the episodes are too short. Greetings from the Netherlands!	Intersectionality at its best
The history you should have been taught.	Love it
And also I love Jean’s voice ^^	Super informative
"My favourite podcast.
brings the best, most thoughtful, well researched and engaging stories on a variety of important and relevant topics.
Spanning culture, politics, social issues and race."	Favourite podcast
One of my all time favorite podcasts. It’s extremely informative and gives different perspectives which are needed in these times. I highly recommend this one!	An important listen
Absolutely love this podcast. Very insightful and interesting topics. Easily one of my favorite podcasts. Keep it up!	Awesome podcast
Oh how I wish that your podcast would be used in all schools and discussed. So refreshing to hear different views ans perspectives on contemporary issues.	Thankyou
Very interesting and eye-opening podcast, the people invited on the podcast are always bringing new perspectives on the issues	Great podcast
Just listened to the first episode and can't wait to hear more. I grew up and live in Switzerland (born here, too). Maybe a whole other privilege, but I hardly ever think about being a person of colour. Must have a lot to do with where you grow up...	Just the first episode
The November 2023 podcast episode featuring the two Palestinian poets was so incredibly moving and poignant, in large part because Palestinian humanity and voices have been erased in western media. Thank you for giving these two poets the opportunity to share their lived experience, their stories, their humanity with your listeners. To be Palestinian is to be resilient.	Moving and powerful
Thank you for interviewing Ada Limón. I’ve loved your podcast for years, but this one is so amazing. Thank you for sharing her beautiful poetry.	I’ve loved this podcast for years
I have many podcasts that I follow and loved many of them, but this is the first time I feel the need to rate a podcast because of how much it fills a void. Also I love the chemistry flow between the 2 hosts, their preparation, and the different perspectives they bring. I don’t always agree with what the experts say, but it doesn’t matter. The topics fill me like gonzo finding his brethren. I’m mixed-race, and multi-cultural. Special shout-out to the episode with Ada Limón on 10/24/23. Big thanks to the souls who put their hearts into creating the podcast and for NPR for supporting it! Love you more now.	This one is worth the time to rate
I have enjoyed the show and topics of this show	Very Enjoyable
"And probably from folks who know nothing about true race relations in the US. I'm sure they know very little about culture to boot. The vernacular is sometimes street level, but make no mistake, your hosts are not uneducated ""kids"" (as one reviewer stated). Sometimes truth to power can be scary to those who have everything to lose, I guess."	Wow. The reviews here are harsh
This one hit me hard. Being a Black Hispanic American who retired as a US Army Infantry Officer, your guess was absolutely on point about the environment, access to the education, perception, and still small demographics for Black Combat Arms Officers.  I was fortunate to have gone the internal route to becoming an Officer as a “Mustang” but definitely didn't make it any easier and potentially made it harder because most of my peers and superiors knew my background.  Great Episode!	20 Sep 2023 episode!
One of the best podcasts available today, informative, entertaining, and definitionally enlightening. Thank you all for your work	Stellar
This is pretty easy and has nothing to do with the conspiracy theories favored by the hosts.  For starters the Biden administration argued for a special exception to be made.  And Roberts in his opinion said that it’s as reasonable to exclude the military academies as they were not a party to the case.  In other words, if someone brings suit then there will be a better time and place to adjudicate the issue.  And then there is just the basic issue that the military argument bears no resemblance to college campuses. Given the controversies and violence on college campuses today that difference may lessening.  But even with that you have non state actors driving the violence.  With respect to Harvard and UNC you had the state actors as the driver of the racism.  And no mention of the simple fact that Harvard was caught dead to rights discriminating against Asians.  Guess Asians don’t count.	The rest of the story
The “Honoring our Ancestors” episodes are so conversational, honest, and graceful. I felt that while learning from your story, I was also being formed by how you told it. Thank you. May you feel the embrace of the Ancestors…Well done.	Powerful!
This used to be one of my favorite podcasts. It had a really wide range of topics and there was a clear effort to include much more representation. Since Shereen left, it quickly devolved into a series of vapid stories that are poorly written, and the representation that was so refreshing has nearly disappeared.	I miss Shereen
Two morons reading propaganda scripts.	Sad
Clearly a comedy.  Poorly written, and just down right ridiculous.  If you have the time to waste give it your 💯 attention!!!!  If you actually have a life, don’t bother with this podcast	Hilarious!
Two less educated people I have not heard. Their take on world politics, and current events is tantamount to that of a fifth grader writing a report for his elementary school teacher..	Pure propaganda
There’s a reason people flee Africa to come to this country in record numbers. They seem to be unaware of how racist it is here given how well they do in their new home. However, for White progressives that listen to this nonsense my advice is to keep listening! There is always more work that needs to be done!	Racism has never been lower
This may be the dumbest podcast I almost got through. At least get someone on this that you can understand. 🤪	Powerfully bad. 🤦‍♂️
NPR puts out this junk now? With these kids on mic who don’t even know how to talk or if they do they uptalk and vocal fry? Really? And the grammar - seriously?  It’s not worth 2 mins more of my life.  These kids need to find another profession flipping burgers and probably will be forced to.	What amateur reporters
This podcast is wonderful and deserves the highest recognition! This podcast was incredibly emotional!	Honoring Our Enslaved Ancestors
The day I stopped listening was during an episode on Black representation in film. They were discussing horror and how we always die first (so they were saying). Someone brings up Alien and says the “Black guy dies first in Alien.” Or something to that extent. The Black guy’s name by the way is Parker. He’s played by the awesome Yaphet Kotto, an outstanding actor and character in a strong ensemble cast. Spoiler alert: he doesn’t die first. Considering it’s Yaphet Kotto, you could just get this right. Revisiting this masterpiece, I had to leave a review. Alien and its place in film is far and away more important and more significant than this stupid podcast. I don’t think I’ve listened to an episode since.	I Remember When I Stopped Listening
Have listened from the beginning…what made the show so great was Gene and Shireen’s camaraderie, openness, and their ability to play off of each other’s strengths in knowledge, experience, and journalism. This remained true with other members of the Code Switch massive—Karen, Kumari, et al, but something isn’t clicking anymore. Really like what Parker and Lizaragga bring individually, but it’s been difficult to understand how they had to the crew. So many solo episodes now, and the ones where they are with Gene or another co-host, repartee is stilted and the stories feel fragmented. Rooting for the team, but will take a break for now, hopefully to check-in again to see a major improvement.	Waiting for its groove to come back
"Listened to one ep which was enough. The hosts were discussing an issue and positively tried seeing it from a LatinX, Black, and Indigenous people perspective. But as soon as they said “well what about Asians?” they immediately said no and implied that now essentially ‘it’s going too far and becoming ridiculous’ - when they literally were discussing the same issue with through the lens of other BIPOC! 

I don’t know why or how this show continues to exist. I had such high hopes for it."	Anti Asian
"Just found this podcast and can’t stop binging it! Love these conversations. 
Alicia"	The necessary conversations
Great episode but in Florida they (Hispanics) are still sleep. Hispanics ain’t woke as it pertains to the realities of how they are perceived by Republicans, and as it pertains to the positive impact they can have if they just WAKE UP and get involved. Wow! Once again you guys hit it out the park. I grew up in NOLA and lived that color thing on a daily basis. As it is even today 50 years later I find it amazing how Whites attempt to muddy the water by any means necessary to retain power. The “Browning” of America is a very scary thing to some White people. In a country that has such a strong history of people of color from its indigenous roots, to enslavement to migration it seems as though White people will go to any length to lessen the power, discredit and discriminate against people of color. What will they think of next? SMH.	Wake up Brown people
Lori Lizarraga was such a great add to the crew!	Important Stories
This is by far your most relatable story as a Nigerian immigrant in America. We don’t call it that but it’s generally expected that you chip in to help your family. My dad had dozens of children and by the time I came around he had retired and had no money to raise me. My oldest sister paid for my school fees. When I graduated and started working I had to pay my youngest brother’s way through school.	Utang Na Loob is relatable to this African immigrant!!!
I learn so much listening to this wonderful podcast. It’s a must listen.	Love the switch
I really miss the original hosts. It’s just not the same anymore.	Missing
If you look at everything through the lens of race and racism, you will find racism everywhere. Another reviewer described this as “a dark cloud of a podcast”. That’s pretty accurate. It’s really a shame, I remember when NPR was quality. Now we get propaganda like this. If you like Kendi and DiAngelo, you will love this, but really you should read John Mcwhorter first.	Woke propaganda for the far left
I truly appreciate the show. I love how much I’ve learned over the course of almost three years and the intentionality the host place on subject matters the show tackles. The intersectionality of culture, race, and socio-economics is the true gem of this show. But here is the but. Over the course of subjects tackled, on several occasions, the host present themselves as typical millennials. They pretend as if presented with the same situation, they somehow would have risen above the calamities as a change agent. And frankly, and this is of course an assumption, I don’t think they would have changed the outcome of some of the more dire topics. It’s easy to say what you would have done over a mic and several years later. My suggestion, stop pretending and be the good journalist you’ve shown yourself to be. Sorry, I don’t normally have such a visceral response, but BA Parker on the Black History’s Family Tree just brought me to this review.	Great show, but . . .
"The show would benefit from more guests to share their perspectives because the hosts have a confusing, narrow, and sometimes contradictory point of view.

Also Gene people email you bc you are a podcast host."	Personal opinions; should be broadened
"I am a Peruvian-American and was raised with the big salsa greats like Fania, El Gran Combo and later when Carlos Vives was on the scene I really took a deeper look into cumbia from South America. It honestly wasn’t my favorite because I loved te
He faster rhythm of salsa and merengue but I learned to appreciate cumbia through the humble lyrics cumbia has. Thank you for this informative history lesson!"	Love the episode on the origins of cumbia!
"I grew up in PR and I have to say that this episode was basically a smear campaign for Puerto Ricans. I had Dominican friends and partners that lived on the island and they were basically treated like any other Puerto Rican. And is it really appropriation if they came to the Island and BROUGHT us their music and our musicians needed to compete to survive? (That was really just market competition) Also, how can you “appropriate” a culture that is so similar to yours?  Where you eat the same food and speak the same language?  This is like saying someone in Ghana is appropriating from Nigeria, although they BOTH are African peoples. 

We don’t have Black vs. white racism like America so stop trying to attribute your Mainland American social ills onto our Island. Does colorism exist? Yes. In every country you can imagine…But we Puerto Rican’s do not appropriate and are NOT racist like the whites of the US. 

Vergüenza de ese reportero Boricua que se prestó para este tipo de noticias."	Merengue wars…? ? Que vaina es esta?
I enoy listening to this podcast and it is always interesting and insightful.  I highly recommend listening and subscribing.	Great Podcast that is always thought provoking
🖤	Love it
I am enjoying this podcast every chance I get! There is always something new to learn and listen to!	My favorite podcast!
Sure, they cover very hard topics. But almost always help to point a way forward. I have learned so much, and am grateful to these amazing storytellers	Heartening and educational
The concept of this podcast is great and sometimes it sheds light on racial issues that are typically overlooked. Sadly, I find most of the episodes stretching to find some logical thread between a completely innocent social interaction and race. For example, there is an episode that explores the possibility of racist dogs? Another episode covers a South American migrant and largely focuses on the discomfort she feels when she’s asked where she is from (understandable) but it was wildly dramatic and neglected to even entertain the possibility such question could be asked innocently. Mostly, I am bothered that this podcast has found its way onto NPR’s Weekend Edition (WBUR & WGBH). It fills the time slot once held by “Car Talk” (which was hilarious) and now this dark cloud of a podcast emerges from the airwaves every weekend.	Great concept but often searching for logic
"In Year One but have been following and taking notes.

Appreciate y’all and hoping we can join the show & vice versa as well get feedback on our show. ✌🏽

- Rod/Tee/DC"	Deep!!! & Dope!!
Really well done, has a good mix of topics. Would love more emphasis on bigger issues facing more people.	Variety of topics
I don’t have twitter, which might be a more appropriate platform, but Parker is fantastic. Like literally adorable, and a perfect addition to the code switch team. Endlessly floored by how interesting and insightful every episode is and slowly working my way through the back catalogue since it’s sooooooo good.	Just awesome
"The real meaning of BLM. Garbage race baters.

Just using the term Latinx is enough to get 1 ⭐️"	#BeatLootMurder
Great podcast with interesting topics, thoughtful perspectives, and great hosts.	Listen & Learn!
Just love and look forward to Code Switch every week. Understanding all viewpoints is so important, and I always come away feeling or learning something new. Some shocking, but often hopeful.	Never miss an episode!
This is a fabulous podcast with important topics transmitted in a digestible way.	Definitely listen!
Episode 366: as a POC who’s originally from SC, the SC state flag since 1861 did not have the stars and bars and was not one of the last states to lose that in their state flag. SC used to fly the confederate flag above the state house well into the early 2000s. Sorry to be so pedantic but it’s an error you all rarely make and I hate to hear historic inaccuracies when we’re talking about serious topics like racism.	Love you all but you got a fact wrong…
Love this podcast that always gets me thinking but also keeps it real. The episode about what is funny about race made me laugh out loud on a subject that I spend a lot of time worrying and thinking seriously about. Thank you so much for this episode.	Race is funny?
This show is excellent! It’s has become one of my favorite shows for listening to informative and powerful discussions.  Along with Can We Please Talk (which talks to reporters, writers and newsmakers), this is one of my favorite shows to listen to!	Great discussions and topics!
Great questions and honest feedback   -chanbepoddin	Loveeeddd the p valley insight
If dedicated wokeness is your thing, you’ll probably love Code Switch. Myself, that episode I referenced in the title was so bonkers that I realized that this podcast isn’t for me. Good luck.	I couldn’t get past “Un-Holy Land”
I feel like in an effort to highlight other facets of culture in America, we end up unconsciously treating ourselves like “others” in the same way that mainstream society does. By this I mean that it is damaging to discuss code switching without highlighting why it exists in the first place and the damage that is caused across the board because of it. By acknowledging the standards of expectations for conduct for most, which is rarely placed upon those in power, it validates the practices in a toxic relationship that I no longer wish to participate. They code switch too. Every time someone accidentally says the racist part out loud, we’re reminded of their true feelings of the global majority of humanity. Let that sink in.	Lacking
"Thank you for this podcast. This is content they definitely didn’t talk about when I was in school (millennial, here). I wish they did. 

I see a small population of 1 star reviews, but don’t let their reviews deter you. The content is intellectually-stimulating, entertaining, social - justice oriented from the lens of journalists in a field which is saturated with pre-dominantly white reporters. Thank you. You make us non-white folks feel heard. 

I hope you do more episodes on those invisible groups that fall under ethnic  blanket terms, but may deal with more nuanced issues socially and systemically in the U.S. (i.e. Bhutanese, Ethiopians, Hmong, Native Hawaiians, Indigenous peoples by Nation, Samoans, Venezuelans, etc). 

Keep up the good work!"	I wish they taught me this in high school
The hosts, Mark Winston Griffith and Max Freedman, give an in-depth and eye-opening view of what’s going on in our schools with historical insight and vivid interviews on all sides of the issue of the challenge of achieving diversity.	Brilliantly written and produced
“White people bad.”   That’s the message of this podcast.	We get it
School Colors brings together voices that we need to hear as a nation. As a NC resident, I believe that the District 28 voices are similar to many US cities like Charlotte. Editing must be difficult and the team is creating a compelling series. As Season 2 comes to a close, I hope there are plans for a third season. Peace.	School Colors Season 2
Not sure how this got made. Must have been only due to NPR.	Don’t waste your time
This is one of the best episodes I have listened to that addressed pragmatic problems and solutions with safety in schools and beyond. The model that explained how to offer programs to assist folks to get training, jobs, and financial support to get on their feet is right on target. How does society expect people to get a grip on life by just allowing them to flounder when reach majority or are released from incarceration?  Everyone doesn’t have the luxury of the “pulling up by your bootstraps” philosophy. More like this is welcomed. Your guest was exceptionally good at explaining and providing solutions.	The Rethinking Safety Episode
Very excited to hear my fave journalist in audio BA Parker is a new host. Never missing an episode now.	Yes to new host BA Parker!!
Very worth listening to	A very good show
Have learned a great deal from this show - is detailed analysis of complex issues… thoughtful, overall excellent!	Excellent!
I enjoyed hearing the episode of Fashion Fair.	Really enjoyed
Hey there, How do I unsubscribe?	Don’t want pay
"Love the show & This episode brought back my dancing days. Mostly West Coast Swing & Milonguero Tango, with a bit of Lindy. It wasn’t my best dance, but wow is it fun. And the people? Great. So grateful.
PS, ref LaTasha YES YES YES to a great lead & opening a space. (In my experience, the best leads had learned to follow, to “dance the other shoe”.  Sublime, that."	Lindy Hop … in Sweden!
I stumbled upon this podcast mainly because of the artwork, but stayed because of the topics. The discussions talk about all the things I want to know about but didn’t know who to ask. The hosts are honest, give thoughtful perspectives and asks the guests important questions to help clarify the discussion. This is a must listen too!! Thank you and keep doing what you are doing!	Necessary for being a better human
The perspective is priceless, Hosted amazingly, intellectually stimulating. It’s social studies for social justice.	Social Studies for social justice
What a lovely conversation between two kind dads.	What’s in a Dad?
I found this conversation pretty superficial. Where were these “friends” while he was broke and being evicted? I wish they were more transparent about their own contributions to his heartache. RIP Queen. Welcome back home to Durham (pronounced Durum h is silent).	Bonus: Andre Leon Talley
"YOU MAY THINK I DONT BELONG HERE; IDC

In the image of #blm and other movements, millennials of all backgeounds start to take a stand together against inequality before our very eyes. What does this mean?"	ASAP TOPIC:
"What a beautifully told episode. So much thought and feeling and maturity from someone so young.
I look forward to listening a lot more to Kamna in the future.
I definitely will listen to the other code switch fellows episodes"	Kamna Shastry
Sub-90 IQ’s and their solipsistic idiocy funded by the usual rootless cosmopolitans. Blerds whose Dunning-Kruger syndrome runs amok. Good for a laugh, though!	Tiresome.
I miss Shereen!! Still a great show.	Shereen
I’m so glad I’ve discovered this gem. I love the diverse views and the cultural relevancy the host bring for the culture.	So cool
By episode 316 Let’s keep asking the question: what IS latinidad? Asking for A LOT of friends!!!	SEEN
"Two Words: Im Not Sorry / for Breaking rules / Penultimate in / The slinger / It is A cold Hard world Frozen solid Dry ice Wicked compression Horrendously absurd

Silently, defiantly /

Onwards Toxicity /

Glittering Frosty /

Two Words /

Greenhouse Gas /

Global Warming /

Carbon Dioxide /

Wicked Compression /

Ice Cold /

Dry Ice  /

Solidly Severed /

Ice Shelved /

Great Pyramids /

Of Freeza /

Square Cut /

Negative 108F /

Opps I / 

Flunked Oppression /

And Yell Leroy Jenkins / LoL WoW!"	Global Neutralism
One of my favorites… educational, honest, serious and on a subject we desperately need to be discussing as a country. Strongly recommend.	Fantastic podcast
Started following in 2020 and have listened to weekly ever since.	Great podcast, highly recommend
I listened to the census episode and I’m quite disappointed with the lack of research and data behind the discussion. It appeared to be driven by personal opinions and ‘hunch’ rather than detailed research. At one point the host said that he spoke to two people about how ancestry data helped them. That’s not a big group to provide any kind of conclusion or concrete examples of how ancestry cost is impacting census data. NPR, you can do better.	Disappointed with the research.
Foundational beliefs are all white people should feel guilt for the mistreatment of black people( whites are guilty because they are white) Normal healthy people do not feel guilt for something they did not do and people don’t want this nonsense taught to their children. Until personal responsibility and individualism are included in the conversation , the BLM movement will continue to see low white acceptance.	Flawed logic
Very informative and useful content. I love listening to this show.	Love this show
If you have genuine questions about race and ethnicity and justice, you won’t find answers here.  The hosts are biased propagandists enforcing a media-narrative Woke POV only. Taboos are strictly enforced, nothing about black on black violence nor how vitamin D deficiency disproportionately affects POC, eg.   They are clearly trying to gain political power and sympathy (etc) by finding social injustice everywhere they look rather than helping alleviate problems from within their chosen groups.	Enforces very narrow point of view
I loveeee this content. Learning and laughing is such a great combination.	Soooo obsessed
That is all!	I Love This Show
The recent Karen episode hit close to home, as a white woman who comes from a long line of Karens. I know I have a long way to go, but this podcast helps me understand my privilege. I love the hosts as well. They are very warm and funny.	Educational and humbling
Thanks for finally doing an episode that centers Native peoples. I’ve loved this show for a long time but have always been shocked by how little Native American activism, issues, and literature are discussed. There are so many things that intersect with core Code Switch topics that could be covered and big things happening in the world of social justice and environmental racism on NDN lands and beyond. Do more - like bring on a Native cohost; there are plenty of great options for people and topics.	More Native representation!
Been a listener for years. I love this podcast.	One of my favorite podcasts
I find this highly entertaining and highly informative. I appreciate y’all’s style and production and have learned a lot I will carry with me. Also great book recommendations!	A podcast that will make you a better person
Super informative. Down to earth conversations and really hits home on many issues. Look forward to a new episode all the time	Learning a lot
Great stuff	Love it!
"I enjoy NPR podcasts because I like the information and topics so I gave this show a shot because the description was interesting.

Was listening to the episode about black women and BBLs and it was interesting until the host attacked “cis heterosexual” men. If you want equality and respect in the LGBTQ+ community, don’t generalize and disrespect heterosexuals."	Sadly Unsubscribing
"“Outstanding” <— and you can quote me on that.

nuff said."	5 stars or bust
Fast paced and fair look at race and society from a nonwhite view.	Though Provoking
"Oh! I just heard you are leaving Shereen MARISOL! The best for you! You will be an awesome teacher with your personal experiences and background. As another listener expressed, I was under the impression you were in your twenties. So keep that youthful flame going. 
Gene, I hope you get another cohost soon.  Because I LOVE your podcast!!
The best for you 2!"	Love this podcast!
Guess the world has finally figured out how special you are. Sad to see you leave the show, but glad to hear you’re coming back to the Yay to share your wisdom and inspire the next generation of credible and responsible journalists. Thank you most of all for helping POC’s build community, validate our experiences and find empowerment.✊🏽	Thank you and Good Luck, Shereen Marisol!
I will miss you so much, and your easy synergy with Gene. It won’t be the same without you. What a fantastic and informative podcast you two do. I loved hearing your story of youthful passion and inspiration. And was surprised that you weren’t still b your 20s or early 30s! You’re super at what you do. Keep enlightening ! From Roni in San Diego. Peace!	Oh Shereen!
I always enjoy Code Switch book episodes and the conversation with Ashley C. Ford about her memoir was exceptional (i paused it after a few minutes to get the book and read it). Ford is brilliant, beautiful, and inspirational and Gene spoke with compassion and empathy. Thank you both.	Books!
This is an amazing podcast, and I have learned so much from it. Keep going and being great!	Powerful and great podcast
The way they reported on Majdi Wadi and the Holy Land situation was disgusting.	Terrible
Insightful, thought provoking, challenging! Sometimes uncomfortable making it all the more helpful.	Outstanding
I’m a long-time listener. This podcast isn’t for you if you aren’t open minded. You will probably hear things you disagree with or injustices that make you angry. The reality is we live in a racist society and this podcast aims to educate about race. It does that in spades. I am white and live in a state lacking in diversity. This podcast is well worth adding to your rotation. It might make you see things differently.	Excellent
"Man. Where to begin. First of all, these two have amazing voices. I just love listening to these two hosts as a pure auditory experience. Then, the range of topics they cover on race and it’s interconnection to every day life on both the macro and micro scale is incredible. 

I love tuning in each week to see what topic they’re covering next. This show is interesting, sometimes heartwarming, sometimes maddening, and always honest. Add Code Switch to your library and give it a listen to, you won’t be disappointed."	Great, Fearless, Thoughtful Podcast
I used to love this podcast, but they just released an episode that’s behind a paywall. I understand public radio needs funding, but this is a horrible way to do it.	I usually love this podcast, but now there’s a paywall
I dont always agree with opinions, but I respect the breadth and depth these folks go to on topics that are not mainstream. I always learn something new and have shared more of these pods then any other.	Go to spot for deep learning
Such a great podcast about the subtleties and non-subtleties of race in America and the need to stop brushing these issues under the rug. This should be required listening for anyone who truly wants to educate themselves about the very real and persistent issues this country still has with race. It’s heartening to know these types of nuanced, sophisticated conversations exist.	For Sophisticated Listeners
Code Switch is one of my top five podcasts. The recent episode examining the complexity of Latinx identity at the intersection of race displays why this podcast is so important to our national dialogue about race and American identity. The hosts always dig deep and demonstrate care, courage and humor in confronting hard questions about race in America. Moreover, they examine issues related to race from multiple POC and geographic perspectives; they never rely on reductive black/white binary narratives. As a Latina, I soooo appreciate being seen and learning about diverse Latinx experiences AND the experiences of Indigenous, Black, Asian, and multiracial folks in the U.S. and PR. This podcast is a great resource for educators.	Excellent & Nuanced
"Mmm ok mm. My  in N rm. kTom d  CD cut  C dtfckokkkoiiiii
K
Mm m  mm. F."	M okkkk ok mrrmtMYa
I’ve been listening for almost a year because I really wanted to like it. As a Mexican-American woman, I keep finding this perpetuating division and downright derision and hatred towards others based on “color.”  Perpetual victimhood is not my cup of tea. Political bias is blatant.	Divisive and delusional
Loved the conversation with Maria Garcia and Maria Hinajosa!  Major take away, the range or level of privileges each person of color has greatly depends on the intersection of color, gender, education, citizenship, etc. It’s all very complicated. Thank you for presenting such a sophisticated, nuanced, and thoughtful exchange between two interesting media personalities.	The Marias & Latinidad
This is a fantastic and critically needed podcast that examines complicated concepts and historical and current events related to race. Masterfully produced with thoroughly researched, relevant topics. Love it.	Thoughtful and multifaceted analyses of various aspects of race
Terrible show that denigrates immigrants in the name of racial progress. I’m astounded that people would take this nonsense seriously when they blatantly attack other cultures for not completely assimilating with the intellectually bankrupt elements of generation  Z.	Racism and xenophobia in the name of progress!
"I wanted to like this podcast, gave the hosts SO many chances.  But this is just the most biased, narrow-minded, racist garbage I've ever heard. I don't like to throw around the word ""WOKE"" as a pejorative, but this podcast deserves it.  Black people insisting that everything around them is racist. Hey, if you believe that the answer to everything is ""racism""... then maybe you're the racist."	Gross.  Just gross.
"Their un-holy land episode unfairly targeted a Palestinian immigrant. They left out huge context such as, he had done nothing wrong. He did not send out the bad social media posts. They offered no defense of why an entirely family and business (working class people!) should be destroyed by privileged college education keyboard warriors. This podcast claims to be a voice for those who are oppressed… it is a lie. 

If they apologized, please point me to that episode. Otherwise, I won’t be turning another one on."	Un-holy land
"wonderful for CRT riddled, Woke leftists to nod in their echo chambers. 

shameful as any form of legitimate journalism."	hopelessly biased
Is something mentally held back with these hosts? We don’t cancel an immigrant’s entire livelihood for shtposts from a 15-yo. The hosts should declare any and all mental diagnoses they’ve received for the listener’s sake.	Going after the Arab baker for his daughter’s posts was TOO FAR
I binge-listened to Code Switch from the beginning over 9-10 months. Learning so much, just in awe of all the things I didn’t know I didn’t know. The team is great, awesome voices to listen to, both physical and metaphorical.	I love this podcast
"It is impossible not to learn something every episode and while doing so make great use of your skills at empathy. 

Gratitude and appreciation.

On Tulsa (and so many other facts un-taught by our ‘education’ system) —
I suppose it makes me feel slightly less embarrassed as a middle aged white man that these painful illuminations where obscured from plenty of non-‘white’ folks too. Dang. 

Still, I much appreciate yet another unique perspective on this story. I hope the local Tulsan residents were listening and that it creates positive dialogue there. Someone needs to give that original resident a parade of her own, and a fat kiss!"	Expansion team
I love this podcast and have learned a lot and sought more knowledge because of it.	Great podcast for current events and history
"This is a good podcast with good, relevant topics and offers good reader how.  I have been listening to most of the sessions. I like the reporting and banter between Sheridan and Gene. However, would like to request that Gene try to speak a bit more slowly and clearly enunciate his words.  He is usually quite good but every once a while he tends to speak very fast slipping words. Shereen is always excellent and very professional. 
Thanks"	The Sum of our Parts
A great episode – fyi: I am a very Caucasian appearing Latino in New Mexico – and I’ve been mistaken for Jewish, Italian any number of types - agree that trying to come up with discrete guidelines is a lost cause since the historical experience of Spanish-speaking is so incredibly varied -de toda forma por favor ustedes dos sigan andando con la plática 👍🏻🌈🌺	the kid mero episode
As a middle age, middle class white woman in Idaho- I appreciate this podcast so much! Thank you for the opportunity to learn about things I’ll never experience or understand first hand.	Thank you
Code Switch is an amazing podcast. Would definitely recommend.	Amazing
With the latest iOS update, 14.4.1, I am unable to see the latest episodes. The last one available is from 04-22-21. Today is 05-03-21.	Update screwup
I am beyond grateful for this podcast and the information it provides parallel to my (un)learning.	Grateful
Code Switch is such an amazing podcast. I love how they break down and contextualize history in a way that helps me better understand the present. I’ve learned how to see patterns within American history more readily and it has got me thinking even more deeply about race than before. As an south Asian American woman it has shown me the similarities among other minority groups as well as the ways in which I have privilege. I especially enjoyed a recent episode about the Hawaiian language and resonated with it as a bilingual speaker. Thank you so much for telling these amazing stories :).	Amazing Podcast!!
I love Code Switch and always learn so much. Thanks for all of the insight, thoughtful conversation, and discussion of vital—but under-discussed—topics.	Excellent
Such a great episode and podcast overall!	Love the poetry episode
Thank you. It is sad to me we have such variation in knowledge of racism. I am 65 and live in Ca. My kids are mixed and the violence worries me. It seems to me the violence is increasing and bolder. We are split as a country. We must start to demand correct honest history be taught. If not In schools than in home or to our kids friends. We who know have a responsibility to keep truth alive. Thank you for continuing to brings racism and it’s history to the forefront	Codeswitch
Thank you for your willingness to educate white people, like myself, about how we can do better to dismantle white supremacy AND for sharing many history lessons I never learned in school. I learn so much with each episode and I will continue listening as long as you continue recording.	Thank you
I learn so much in every episode	fantastic, profound
Sure, let us pretend that most of the attacks on Asians lately haven’t been done by blacks. Sorry, but my eyes don’t lie, seeing elderly Asians being beaten by black people.	Eyes
At the moment, I’m sitting by a river alone and this is what’s playing in my headphones. This is one of the only podcasts I listen to as I don’t find them very entertaining, however, I love this podcast.	What got me into podcasts
This podcast has had such an strong impact on my life, especially as it concerns understanding how race works in America :)	Thoughtful and engaging
I wanted to like this episode and I am always looking for new podcasts. I wasn’t aware of the rise in Asian hate crimes, which is appalling. I was disappointed though, because the hosts completely disregarded the topics of prostitution, the sex trade and sex addiction, & pornography in our society and how detrimental these things can be for women and girls of all races, and which may have been factors in the horrible shooting. No one ever wants to address those things, it seems like.	Intellectually dishonest
Selective story telling, fact omission and data manipulation to push a predetermined narrative.  Started a promising conversation podcast, which I’ve shared with many friends, now devolving to propaganda.	Now adopting the Fox News model
This episode really hit home and moved me to tears. My parents were immigrants to the US  from India and didn’t emphasize me learning their native language. Now as a mom I struggle to pass it down to my kids. After this past year with white supremacy on the rise, I know no matter how American I sound, I will never be accepted as fully American. So I started to teach my kids and now have developed learning aids to help other parents who struggle to immerse their kids. @BhashaKids is going to teach that next generation.	Saving a Language You’re Learning
Reparation is a debt owed descendants of slaves by America. No doubt about that.	America’s debt to African Americans.
Makes me smarter.	Reparation is a B
Black people are THE most racist people I have ever seen or heard.	Ridiculous.
This is an incredibly well done, thoughtfully created podcast. It covers necessary and important topics and I would recommend this podcast to anyone. I am grateful for the opportunity to learn from it.	So recommended
Guys I love your show!! For a time I came to you guys to hear about important current racial issues, and now that things have heated up I just feel like you are avoiding the real uncomfortable hot topic to avoid possible hostility. I understand self preservation and all it’s just that I really felt you guys were brave enough not to back down or try to avoid bullet. Now I’m noticing you just trying to fly under the radar 😔. Love the show though hopefully you will have juicy stories (Reperation, BLM, Racial bias training, common core math, Asian American struggle, religion, how all people are feeling about all the external changes occurring) again one the dust settles.	I honestly wish I could put 5 stars
Such an important conversation and topic.	Reparations
"I am white female early 60’s and always learn from this podcast. The recent episode on reparations is an excellent breakdown of this complex situation. Even if a person thinks they know “things” there is always more to learn no matter how we identify ourselves. 
Thanks you for the humor intertwined with excellent reporting, production, etc!"	Stay curious
I am a 50 year old mom who listens to your show all the time and wonders where has this info been all my life? The episode on black romance literally has me in awe. I realized how much I’ve been looking at us through their lense. Thank you for adjusting my prescription!	New eyes
"I’m a white 23 year old, and I’ve lived in a city of all white people for my entire life. Until I went to college, I realized how amazing it is to have such a diverse group of people and to learn about different cultures. I’m not ashamed of who I am as a person, but I feel a person can be more interesting the more they know about the world and other people including, cultural views! So I decided to make myself more interesting out of pure love for all people. 

Recently, I’ve been struggling with the right thing to say when my acquaintances say “BLM is a joke”, “black people aren’t oppressed”, “they’re making the division worse”, “to end racism let’s not talk about it”. Now, it boils my blood, but I never know exactly what to say because whatever I do say, I want it to spark something in that person. Like immediate change! I’ve realized it’s not so easy. Listening to these podcasts have been amazing because it provides me with situations similar to ones I have been in. It provides me with the ability to just listen and develop an understanding. There are a few ideas that I have not yet come to full understanding with, but that’s ok! Even if I disagree (not saying a disagree with any points made on here) with any point on any podcast, it’s not worth taking back a star unless those hosts do not back their statements up. 

Five stars here because it’s educational, well said, factual, and a trusted piece of art that I can truly listen to. I wish I could make a change by snapping my fingers!!!!! Thank you for such an amazing podcast that gets me up and moving every morning :)"	I wanted insight
Love their voices, and the way they explore topics based on facts. The subject matter is almost always engaging, and many times historical events I hadn’t previously dug into. They always present a fresh perspective, and enjoy when they add a little bit of their own personal experiences.	Code switch
i only started listening to this late last year and now it has become one of my favorite podcasts. i just love how it’s hosted by folks who have personal understanding of the disparities in race relations in america. also, the way stories are presented are always super interesting and fun to listen to, with relevant language and subject matters. it’s not just some dry conversation.	my fave new podcast
This podcast is on it in terms of current and historical events that people in this country need to be aware of. I appreciate the content and the work that goes into each episode. This is a super interesting and engaging podcast and I highly recommend.	LOVE CODE SWITCH
Great great grand Pappy Leroy? Seriously Gene? I’m in my 40’s. Lol! Love the podcast! Always stimulates great convo in my circle.	The last of the Leroys
Thank you for your reporting and all that you do to inform and assist the people of the world. I am so grateful for everything I’ve learned from this podcast! So much love to you, Gene and Shareen. And to every wonderful guest.	Grateful
The episode was provocative and I think the judicial logic of the Professor’s theory for providing reparations to some compelling but at what cost? Not cost in the trillions but in its risk of dividing from within.  And, does the logic with respect who should receive reparations not raise the question as to who should pay?	Reparations and Re-parting
Still trying to wrap my head around why We had a government mandated curfew due to BLM riots that the government refused to protect our communities from? Atrocious acts took place. Murders. Millions in damage. Businesses closed forever. Flip the script and the government gets a taste of no protection. Immediately the entire national guard is called in to protect the government who ignored and refused to protect our communities. Where was the national guard when David Dorn was murdered protecting his hard work and livelihood?	Wrap
"I wrote Gene a long email that I put a lot of thought into... the last paragraph was “Condemning meanness is a good thing because we should all be more accepting of each other.  I am incredibly grateful to avoid so many disadvantages by being white.  But I certainly don’t avoid meanness.  Everyone is mean.  I don’t think anyone sees that as much as white girls.  People being mean has nothing to do with racism.”  
Gene wrote back one sentence: “Why are you emailing me?” 
 😂 So ironically he’s a jerk.  But the podcast has a lot of great ideas on it so I will keep listening even though he doesn’t value other people’s feelings or ideas."	Gene Demby is a jerk
I always learn something but I especially appreciated hearing Aisha Roscoe. I love her and I love Code Switch for giving her the platform to talk about all she’s gone through covering the White House the past four years. Plus, the singing of “Aisha” was classic!	Love this show!
I have followed Ms. Rascoe since her first day reporting with NPR. And I knew she was assigned to cover The White House and that she followed the tweets and briefings coming from there. Good for her for calling out the lead-up language to the attacks of 1-6-2021. Thank you, Ms. Rascoe, for your analysis of the bullying tweets and for enduring the ugliness of the former regime. Thank you, Code Switch, for sharing this analysis with us. I am not certain we would have connected the lead-up language with the insurrectionist actions as quickly. Yes, that connection has been a slow one for the media. Great observation.	The Last Four Years
I just wanted to thank you for the episode about how race is discussed, or rather, how it is not, in France. As an Asian-American who has lived here for over 10 years, I felt relieved that FINALLY someone was talking about the inherent racism hiding in the French language. The guests on your show gave me hope that some of the good discussions and movements  that are going on now via BLM will find impetus here, to affect true change in French society.	‘We don’t say that’
So much good, important information presented by two engaging hosts.	The Podcast We Need Right Now
Thanks for being honestly real and talking about what really matters here (and everywhere?}. There's nothing more important than Facts, Justice & Love!!!	Real information
Code Switch has become an essential source of news and clarity for me as an African American in the US. I find just the initial sound of Shereen and Gene’s voices at the outset brings a sense of calm and centering. The fact that they both are so real, while also being so THOROUGH is awesome. It is the perfect combo of realness and intellect. I look forward to every issue, and I cannot express my appreciation to the hosts and production team sufficiently - this is must listen, mental nourishment and survival in trying times!	Code Switch...Thank You!
Excellent and timely discussions of currsocial issues.	Helpful discussion
"Thank you, for such a haunting, stirring, witnessed account and testimony addressing the importance and affirmation towards human life. 
Where can one find the recordings within this specific podcast? Code Switch is always peeling back the proverbial layers of the onion with regards to race, culture, and the moral outcry of how much more work must be done.
 In gratitude for the gift of this episode; thank you."	The Fire Still Burning
This podcast discusses important topics in such a great way. They don’t claim to have to all the answers and lead the listeners to the answers.	Such a great way to learn!
Amazing, quality programming form NPR. They humanize large, important topics with poignant interviews and in-depth research. Something new every week, but I’m guaranteed to learn and be interested. Love it!	Always Informative, Always Interesting
I wanted to love it, I thought so many stories were really awesome and how they explain stuff. Until I heard the latest about black gun owners and I was totally disappointed and disgusted about their professionalism. Totally seems like they tricked that man into thinking they thought what he was doing was interesting just to speak on the episode and basically not only say he’s wrong but stupid. If they tried for one second to be a little unbiased, you wouldn’t even know... I don’t know why anyone would let them interview them after that.	Wanted to love it, ended up hating it....
Thank you for digging deep for the truth. I am a white American woman who wants to know how we arrived at this place, and I demand a new future for Americans of color.	Truth is important
No punches pulled, down-to-earth discussions on critical topics and fantastic reporting. Love these hosts and really appreciate hearing every single voice on this show.	Phenomenal show
Imagine a world where the group you identify with endlessly accuses others of bigotry, never offering solutions or ideas that aren’t being tried already (namely welfare programs and critical race theory, etc.). Imagine America becoming more of a melting pot than ever, and people of color being elevated in every way possible, yet, economically and communally the country is dying. Imagine being so oppressed that your podcast is deemed podcast of the year by a company like Apple, and your media praised and pushed by every major Corporation. Welcome to Code Switch, the last cry for cake from the clinical diabetic that is our country, desperately in need of treatment, but mindlessly self-indulgent to the end.	Sophistry for Those Avoiding a Solution
I just finished listening to “The Fire Still Burning”. Will listen to it again. What a wonderful way to end 2020. Thank you for introducing such important topics every week.	Excellent
The content is reliably relevant, interesting, and impactful. The hosts are knowledgeable, funny, relatable, and effortlessly hold the listener’s attention.	Love this show!
"“There is another class of coloured people who make a business of keeping the troubles, the wrongs, and the hardships of the Negro race before the public. Having learned that they are able to make a living out of their troubles, they have grown into the settled habit of advertising their wrongs — partly because they want sympathy and partly because it pays. Some of these people do not want the Negro to lose his grievances, because they do not want to lose their jobs.”

Booker T. Washington"	Same tired, old tropes on race
I only listen to a handful of podcasts on a regular basis and this one has quickly risen to the top of the list.  I love the frank conversations about race in America, as well as the diverse range of topics that the show tackles.  It has helped me understand how intertwined race is in everything.  Highly recommend.	Absolutely amazing
It’s past time we all learned from these stories and these folks’ delivery is masterful while being conversational. Well done.	Code Switch
"Educational for white people (me) who want to work on getting woke.

I am so glad that Code Switch has finally been recognized for its excellence.  The hosts and other story reporters and staff are terrific in presenting incredibly interesting and important subjects. This is one outstanding and important podcast (and this is from a podcast junkie who has heard the best and the worst of all that is out there.) Keep up the stellar work, folks. It’s greatly appreciated."	Smart, thought provoking & Informative
Shereen and Gene are charming and knowledgeable hosts who open up great conversations about race, culture, history, and their impact on contemporary issues.	Fascinating insights
I love your podcast and listen to it every week.This week’s episode fascinated me because I dabble in genealogy. I applaud your efforts in your research and your acceptance of the outcome.	Fascinating!
Y’all are the BEST - the way you all talk about race is so real and nuanced. I feel affirmed and also learn so much!	Listening for YEARS and it just keeps better
There are never guests or interviews with people who hold views not based in some of the axioms on race held by the hosts. I think they would benefit in being challenged on some of their positions, such as the definition of racism, the reasons for disparity or inequities, and their sense of a solution.	Not beneficial dialogue.
Trash	Race baiting
They’re promoting a negative view of Black gun ownership. Stats regarding suicide and accidental deaths are about poor safety practices and mental health, not the act of owning a firearm itself. These increasingly out of touch positions are why Democrats are losing more and more Black and Latino support every election.	Up In Arms
Great hosts covering such important topics	Love it
This podcast presents current and historic analysis of race so so well, leaving listeners things to conttinue learning, history to carry with us, and new perspectives to open eyes. I highly highly recommend listening, catching up on the *full* backlog of episodes and becoming a regular listener <3	Highly Informative + A Must-Listen
I enjoy listening to this show. I often learn a lot and find my perspective shifted. I also find the discussions non-heated, non-accusatory and calm - which is missing from discussions of topics today that stir a lot of emotion in people - which ALLOWS for the points made and the discussion to be really absorbed.	Great, Insightful Show
Title says it all. If you’re looking for a racist, socialist, liberal crybaby show then this is the show for you.	Show is trash
Code Switch is invaluable, thank you to everyone who makes this show possible!!	A bright spot in 2020
Everyone needs to make time for this amazing podcast. As a high school history teacher, I find this and Throughline to be extremely useful resources for my own expanding knowledge of history and our society. Thank you, NPR, for helping this tired, stressed out teacher listen to incredibly useful and relevant podcasts while I do dishes or laundry. You have helped me create engaging questions for my students to pose and discuss!	One of my favorite pods!
So proud of you guys! As a long time listening, I’m glad to see your show get some of the recognition it deserves. Love you, Gene,Shereen, and the rest of the code switch team!	🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
What do u hope to achieve with this podcast? I hear people feeling sorry for themselves.	Sad
Great show, must listen.	Great show
A good alternative to this show is New Discourses. They really compliment what you hear on this show.	As an alternative
This is the top show of the year. Get out of here.	There’s no way that
Learn so much every time, i love how they pack so much in every episode	The best
Love this podcast! I learn so much and they make it fun and funny too. Thank you!	So important!
This is the podcast to get the most important information about the ‘why’.	The BEST podcast out
"As long as we all need to be objectified I would like to go with Native Born White American Anglo Saxon Spiritual Non Religious (so boring right?) 
I could add NR Non Racist but appears that I have been disenfranchised from that because stupid white people just don’t know they are racist.
I listen to get other perspectives which I am finding very uncomfortable. Maybe good but if one sided diminishes the point. 
My side on who pays for what based on race or background is that is ridiculous. Just have some self respect and pay for yourself whenever possible no matter what color or race you are. Gifts are meaningful to the giver and taker only when they are given freely without asking."	NBWAASSNR
Keep up the good work	How much money do you make off racism?
"Great podcast. Definitely interesting dives into relevant stories. 
Fun to listen to. It is not striving for objective newscast. It’s opinionated but they tend to give a little voice to the other side."	Good. Fun. Interesting.
I learn so much from this podcast. I love the diversity of the POC experiences this show explores - Asian, Indian, Black American, Latine — intersections of multiple identities. Historical context. The hosts have great chemistry. Just long enough for the subject matter. I never want this podcast to end!	Must listen!
We don’t need this left wing bias so unbalanced	Unnecessary
apple your woke	worst show of the year
This is a podcast that makes you think about certain issues, but it deals superficially with other issues. Shereen needs to learn how to use Latinx. It’s a term mostly used by Americans to lazy to actually think about the gender they are talking about, but it doesn’t apply to everything. Countries, for example, don’t have a gender, so saying Latinx country is wrong and sounds ridiculous. The same can be said about Latinx music or culture. Drop the X or say Latin-American countries o music when talking about things and not people. It is really distracting. For most Hispanics this is not even an issue, like not all Blacks care only about criminal justice issues, but something they move away from, which explains Trump’s improvement among Blacks and Hispanics.	Interesting yet not surprising
I appreciate learning about things from a new angle (instead of the way I’ve always seen it as a white gen xer)	Shereen, please don’t get an interior decorating job.  We love you.
I knew, as a white cisgendered woman, that I needed to find more diverse perspectives to listen to- at the time, my feed was mostly white and mostly science or comedy podcasts.  I went through the back catalogue of Code Switch and was pleased to get a good mix of politics, race relations, social commentary, etc.  I like that there is a mix- while I know I need the politics and race relations discussions and welcome them, it's also nice to have other episodes thrown in- ones that aren't necessarily about the current news cycle, but are more evergreen.  I especially like the episodes about racism in other countries- there seems to be this idea that American exceptionalism extends also to racism- that we are the only country that experiences it.  By showing that other countries also experience racism, we can see that it's not just an American issue, and it can highlight how odd, if you look from the outside, racism really is.	It's Great!
I adore Code Switch... I love every single thing about it...it’s smart, funny, enlightening and educational as it’s opened my eyes to so many issues.  What struck me after listening to the Nov 25th Thanksgiving, where there was a re-play of a previous  ( 2016 post election) episode re “ talking with family about politics”.  There was a lightness and a sense of ( a bit of hope) in their conversation and their voices. I noted that their voice tone was higher, faster, with more giggles.  I now see what these past years of the Trump assault, the Trump wear and tear, the  Trump fascist ( insert adjective) can do to people. It wore us down, it tired out us, it changed us in tiny ( and large) ways. This is my humble opinion, I continue to be an ardent fan of the podcast and I pray for the healing of this nation.  Thank you Code Switch for all you do and done, your hard work inspires me.	What 4 years Can Do to Podcast Hosts!
A show that focuses only on how different, separate, isolated, segregated, divided, and hopelessly NOT united in the states as human beings we all are, based on mostly superficial and non-nuanced criteria. If you want to feel like humans of different colors have nothing in common, listen to this piece of negative propagandized garbage. My soul cannot bear to hear only about what divides us as Americans anymore. This is truly ignorance at work and a force only for negativity. Nuance is dead. Congratulations.	Soul Sucking
I was just introduced to this podcast, specifically through the BIPOC episode. After listening to that episode I was hooked. This podcast is informative and it is also very entertaining. I enjoy the hosts. I think they are intelligent and fun. I’ve learned so much from listening. Keep up the great work Code Switch team!	My new favorite podcast
I love this show, although there are times it's hard to follow Gene because he speaks so fast. Overall, it's nice to hear conversations about relevant, relatable issues, and I look forward to each episode.	Great Show!
Excellent pod that covers hard to talk about racial issues. Content looks almost exclusively at issues facing African Americans and Latinos. Issues facing other minority groups are largely ignored.	Great Pod but only focuses on Black and Latino issues
I’m not sure how they do it but they educate their listeners in such a fun way! They are so knowledgeable and also so funny. I recommend this podcast to friends all the time and it’s the perfect way to keep you updated but also entertained.	My favorite pod
The subjects covered are good, but Gene Demby seems to suffer from pressured speech. It’s not really amenable to audible journalism and it’s also a little off-putting.	Subjects are good
The podcast presents some very refreshing debate & information on race & culture.	Excellent Podcast
I have followed this show since the first installment and consider it part of my life-long-learning. Great hosts explore important and complex topics with informed guests. Thanks for enriching my life - making me a better teacher and a better citizen.	Great show
Such a good podcast. Thanks for all you do. Highly recommend.	Excellent
I really enjoy listening to this show - the hosts are engaging and have introduced me to a lot of concepts that I didn’t know much about. Highly recommend giving this a listen	Learning a lot!
This is my favorite podcast.  I learn something EVERY time, and I love how it’s a whole team effort and everyone gets recognized.  Plus, Gene and Shereen’s friendship and banter are a joy to listen to and you will smile and totally wish you got to hang out with them.	Love love love
super informative and taught me a lot. I highly recommend.	wow
I look forward to listening every week. Amazing content from such a raw, real, and well-informed space.	This show fills my cup!
"I just discovered this podcast in 2020 (to be fair, I wasn’t listening to ANY podcasts) and it SLAPS!  I started at the beginning of the episodes (cause that’s how I do) and I’m almost all the way through the episodes in less than 3 months.  I’ve started listening to other race podcasts and Gene and Shereen got it goin on!! Their podcast is well organized, super well researched, just enough host/hostess banter and awesome topics all the time. They’ve helped me delve deeper into my own race, that of others and have pushed me to think harder. 

Do yourself a favor and get your CodeSwitch on. 💃🏽💃🏽"	Something for Everyone
"This podcast is one of my favorites because it reveals the incredible shallowness of today’s self-declared “thinkers.”

Required listening for anyone who wants to see to what depths propagandists will go to mischaracterize history and policymakers."	Required listening to see how bad today’s “thinkers” are
Fantastic Perspectives on Race and Ethnicity in the US	Fantastic Perspectives on Race and Ethnicity in the US
I’ve learned so much. One of the best, hands down.	The best
Marisol, Gene, and the great of the crew do phenomenal work.  The depth of research that goes into each topic on rave is always so insightful.	Great Podcast
This podcast allows me as a late 30 yr old white woman in rural WI to get the education and perspectives I otherwise don’t have access to.  I enjoy every podcast!  Thank you.	So good. So great fun.
Thank you for doing what you do, in spite of the white supremacy problem at NPR and all news media outlets.	Thank you
HUNTER BIDEN AUDIO PROVES CHINESE SPY CHIEF'S CONNECTION TO THE BIDENS. ILLEGAL CENSORSHIP & ELECTION INTERFERENCE FROM NPR IS PREVENTING THIS STORY FROM GETTING OUT.	AUDIO PROVES BIDENS' CONNECTIONS TO CHINESE SPY
Gene, racially charging on a reparations credit card— brilliant!  I would totally want a credit card that contributed a percentage to a reparations fund—kinda like airline miles!  I am looking for ways to repair the injustice that allowed my (white) family to benefit unfairly from housing, education, employment, etc policies.	Is Trump the most racist prez
Code switch is insightful and rich and I love the way they teach history,futures, and issues about race. Absolutely expansive, v timely, and just so so well done. Thank you codeswitch fam✨	Some of the best journalism I’ve ever listened to
This podcast is very informative. Highly recommend.	All
Thank you, thank you for this amazing and  informative podcast.	THANK YOU
Interesting how they point out negative sides of Kamala and of pre-Trump presidents just before the election.	Pro-Trump?
What an interesting, though-provoking episode! Thank you for such great work!	Kamala episode
The best NPR podcast	👑
I love how you introduce subjects in their own voice.	Enjoy the content
This most recent episode regarding Hip Hop was so full of factual information, wonderfully edited oral histories, and funny anecdotes. There were moments when i had to stop and laugh or stop and fume in anger for a moment. This was beautifully crafted. Thank you Code Switch team.	Hip Hop Episode
I love this podcast. It talks about things that are important, and is very inclusive of issues of a lot of minorities. Love you guys!	One of the best podcast
"You can always count on Shareen and Gene to tell a good story about race in economics, religion, history, or culture backed up by solid investigative journalism. 

Highly recommended!"	Great Program!
Poor review of a great podcast.	Great podcast
Just, thank you.	Thank you
It’s often insightful. Other times it’s an oppression contest.	Depends on the episode.
Just cracking up at the BILPOC and BLIA BLIA part of the RIP to POC ep. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and perspectives and being hilarious!	Thanks for the knowledge and the lols
This is the podcast we, as a people and a country, have been needing for far too long. Thank you for creating this!	If you’re not listening to this, you should be.
Code switch has been my favorite podcast for years. I’m grateful for their critical reporting, balance of humor and seriousness, and the fact that I always learn so much valuable stuff from listening. Thank you Gene and Shereen! 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻	Excellent
Thank you for your time and reporting.  This podcast is a must listen.	Pure Excellence
I like to think of myself as a woke white girl- but a few years ago i realized i didnt have many black and brown voices in my news and media feeds. I started listening to Code Swicth, fell in love with the stories AND learned a lot in the process (totally humbling in the best of ways). I love that the episodes are all different lengths and often they are shorter than other podcasts in my feed so i can alway fit them in. I sometimes am brought to tears by the content and many other times laugh out loud. All the journalists are excellent. I cant wait for every episode. Thank you Code Switch.	My favorite podcast
As a self-identifying cis, straight, 50-something, white middle-class male, this is my go-to, favorite podcast. I follow Gene, Shereen, and others on Twitter but I appreciate more their thoughtful, well researched, and honest treatment of important topics and trends on the podcast. This seems to bring me in touch with generations and communities with which I otherwise have too little contact.	My favorite, top-of-list podcast
I have listened to this podcast since it’s inception and have tried to listen to every episode. Shereen, Gene and the rest of their team’s reporting over the last few years has brought issues and topics to light that I previously knew, thought I knew or should have known. They consistently and continuously shine the light on the most important stories that need to be told and for that and all that I have leaned I will keep listening and sharing their work.	Most thought-provoking podcast
"Please post the full Osterweil interview. Her pseudo-intellectual clap-trap should be exposed for what it is. 

And, whether you agree with me or not, listeners deserve the opportunity to judge for themselves."	Where is “In Defense of Looting”?
Gene & Shareen are the greatest DYNAMIC duo ever!!	Y’all are great!!!
Thank you so much!  So informative and the hosts are truly a pleasure to listen to and I am invested their experiences and the fight for equality.	So great to learn about the history of student activism
As an educated black man in America I am deeply offended at this regressive garbage.	This is trash
Shereen and Gene bring up these really insightful topics.	Great podcast
I always learn a lot from Code Switch, but America’s Pre-Existing Conditions just blew my hair back so hard I almost got whiplash. Ed Yong connects the dots on so many cracks in our society that let Covid-19 deep in. It’s an indictment of the buildup of negligence we’ve allowed to occur, and an explanation of what we’ll need to do to move forward. I can’t recommend it highly enough!	The Podcast is on Fire!
This is a great podcast very informative!!!	Benito
NPR I am deeply saddened and disappointed by propping up someone like Vicky Osterweil. This nation is losing its grip on sanity if people think reprehensible acts such as people forcibly taking other people’s property and doing unimaginable harm to innocent people and businesses is in any way acceptable. You cannot support violence while remaining on the moral high ground. I will never give another penny to NPR.	In defense of looting??!!
I guess you can listen to part of an episode and see if it’s for you. Same thing every week.  On Wednesdays, they wear pink.	Repetitive and basic
This podcast resonates with me so much. Thank you for blending important social justice topics, enlightening stories and relevant current events along with humor and even 90’s r&b! Perfect👌🏽	A+ content
I find that I learn so much whenever I listen to any of the episodes. I thought I was educated about race and the incredibly difficult and negative lives that people of color are forced to live so that I can enjoy my white privilege. But this show has made me realize that I have a lot of work to do to acknowledge my own complicity. I am reading the book by Isabel Wilkerson on Caste and it has really opened my eyes and heart. It would be great to hear an interview with her on the show. Thank you and let us keep the discussion going.	Helpful
"I just started listening a couple
Months ago and started from their first episodes in 2016. I’m already in mid 2018 with a couple recent ones. History is repeating itself and code switch is here to make us remember what white America has been trying to make us forget! Thank you thank you! Also my opinion on explanatory comments, don’t do them if you don’t wanna. We’ll deal 😂"	Must listen
This show gives you perspective you wish you had before.	Revelatory
Holy cow, that was a great episode. They’re all good but that was just exceptional. I’m sending that to my social work professor. I hope she’ll share with my online class.	The United States Pre-Existing Conditions
Shereen and Gene bring so much to the table, and I love hearing their tales. Thank you for this podcast.	Bless This Podcast
Love what you do for the culture by bringing relevant news and topics not adequately covered by the national media	Real talk
I found the Karen ep interesting bc it started to recognize nuance about how shire women are marginalized. Then it completely negated the fact that the term “Karen” could have sexist undertones—which it can, even while aptly describing racist women. I think the instant dismissal was unwarranted and then the long talk abt white women behind the scenes telling white men to do their bidding was once again, not nuanced. Their are all sorts of power in this world, and dismissing sexism claims (esp bc it came from the male host) was trivializing.	Lacking nuance at times
Just wish the episodes were Longer!!! Thanks for such great content!!!	One of my favorites!
Great podcast, with challenging thoughtful discussions.	Not always comfortable, always important
"Thank you for this amazing uncomfortable, truthful way you are offering these stories. I have lived in segregated white small towns in Oregon my whole life. I have 3 disabled sons. For me as white middle class woman, I grapple with my privilege and the way I hold an intersectionality( Kimberle Crenshaw) I raise people who are often undervalued, over looked and not considered worthy. I know this is different from my own learned racism. The similarity is that I am often told my experience is not true, that I don’t know what’s best for my boys or their experience is not valid. 
I’m growing and learning how to find a language to advocate for my sons. And learning how to recognize how I too discriminate, limit and undervalue people."	Gratitude to Code Switch
This podcast gives me so much life. It provides information, history, perspectives, stories, and it all just gives me so much life. I love this podcast. I love all the different hosts	YES!! YES!! YES!!
I really enjoyed this episode and I can’t wait to listen further.	New but really enjoyed Tuesdays Episode “keep your friends close”
This podcast provides varied points of view to give a full story on the topics. Excellent researched with key collaboration. The hosts have great rapport, which makes you feel like your listening to 2 friends. Which they are. But you feel like your part of their convo.	POV is Important
The black host constantly feels the need to act like a victim, or make people seem victimized. Podcast rarely gives anything off script, and ends up being nothing but generic talking points. Was expecting more after listening to a few good episodes.	Disappointing...
"I listen to racial justice podcasts obsessively, read books by Black anti-racist educators, and follow voices of the Black community on social media. All I’m ever trying to do is educate myself, recognize my privilege, and fight to eradicate white supremacy. Though this podcast hits on the issues I care about, I just can’t stand the sheer amount of snark and nastiness in relation to substance anymore. And after weeks straight of starting an episode eagerly but stopping it before the end in annoyance, I’m finally unsubscribing and writing this review. 

I realize white people are bumbling, careless, racist fools whose needs cannot be centered in race discussions. At the same time, no one who needs to learn about the realities of racial oppression is going to get anything from hearing the hosts high five each other for thirty minutes as they see who can make the most snarky comment about how awful white people are. I just don’t get the point of that in a podcast that is essentially “Intro to Racism 101” for white liberal NPR listeners who are clueless on race. Is it intended to be funny? What?

It’s perfectly fine for there to be spaces for bipoc to let off steam about white people and the idiotic, harmful things we do. I am in full support of those spaces, and of keeping myself out of them because they’re not meant for me! But if this is a podcast that seeks to educate, to change people’s minds (especially white people’s), you gotta have more than what amounts to a couple of friends trying to out-eyeroll each other about the annoyances white people wreak on the world.

Case in point: the episode about interracial friendships. Did y’all think it was funny when you dropped your little snark line about white people who call the Black person they see at the water cooler their friend and use that as proof that they have a diverse friend group? Did you really need to include that “you know who you are” as if this caricature is widely represented? Did you think that approach would REALLY open the mind of the kind of person who does that and who most needs to change? Or were you just wanting to score points? It’s really just gross, to be frank.

Again, yes, white fragility is a serious problem and I’m not in favor of centering white emotions in talks about race. That’s not what this review is. I am hugely interested in looking at myself and my privilege critically, to deconstruct everything I know about the world so that I can try to see it without the lens of privilege. And I can say wholeheartedly that this podcast has done basically nothing to further that, even for me as a person who understands that this work is not at all easy, who embraces learning painful truths about myself. If I’m saying this, imagine how turned off the average “but I don’t see color!” white person—who we truly need to engage in media like this—is going to be when they listen.

The hosts and producers need to reconsider who this podcast is intended for. If it’s for a white audience learning about race and injustice, they need to change the tone. Sorry to tone police, but yeah. You need to work on making it less about the hosts throwing anecdotes at each other. Still call us out—we need it—but you can do it in a really effective manner if you try a little harder. If this podcast is for bipoc who need a place to laugh and cringe and rage about white people, then that’s totally cool, but please make that more explicit in the marketing for this show so you don’t scare off people who don’t know the harm of their white tears. If you want a great example of how to do the former, look at the way the hosts of Pod Save the People deliver hard realities. They don’t mince words or tiptoe around white emotions, but they pack so much substance and truth into every episode that it is always a worthwhile experience to listen. The complete opposite is true of Code Switch."	Does nothing for me but grate.
Where does the Green Party fit in with Black voters?	Green party?
I’ve been listening to code switch since it started and used to really enjoy it. Lately, I’ve struggled to connect with the episodes. They don’t feel well produced (with the exception of the holy land episode which was one of the best of 2020). I’m currently listening to the episode about Kamala Harris and it’s terrible. The hosts have this terrible banter and very surface level analysis. The hosts are just snarky and don’t add a lot of substance. They use sound bites from interviews and make boring comments. Anyway, I hope this podcast gets better again.	The hosts are not great
Gene and Shereen navigate some of the most complicated topics with deft, grace, and precision. I always leave their episodes moved and introspective in meaningful and impactful ways. They are always at the top of my podcast queue and are central in conversations with friends and family about the topics I care about most	A must on your regular rotation
Ok, I’m only listening to my first episode, but I love it! You 100% won me over when you both started singing Jodeci. Looking forward to listening previous episodes now!	Hosts with so much personality
The episode about Kamala Harris was out of line and completely unbalanced. I’m not a huge Harris fan, but the points Shereen was attempting to make were pathetic. I appreciate Gene trying to be less alarmist — I was really put off my this episode and Shereen overall.	Not a Fan of Shereen
Cause just bc she’s VP candidate doesn’t mean she’s exempt from criticism	We need that Kamala Harris Episode
I love this show! It helps me hear about stories that aren’t always told. Or to clarify stories that might have been misrepresented in the “regular” media.	Great show
I love this podcast! It has taught me so much! I just finished the fight for ethnic studies at SFSU and was so amazed that growing up in the Bay Area (my dad attended SFSU not too many years later) I had never even heard about it. I was constantly brought up with the idea that racism only happened in the south. I always knew there was more to it than that and I really appreciate stories like this. Thanks!	Thanks for the show!
"Thank you for your episode concerning ethnic studies. Although the history was important, I would have liked if the hosts had presented conversations and perspectives from current faculty members, administrators, and students within the California state university system agreeing and/or disagreeing with mandatory studies. Moreover, I wonder about something: has there been an episode discussing the phrase “Uncle Tom?”

Peace"	Concerning Ethnic Studies and the Use of “Uncle Tom”
As a journalism grad from SFSU in the late 90s, feel so lucky to have taken several course from the college of ethnic studies. Thank you for highlighting this history in the Cal state system. It shaped my world!	Feel grateful for SFSU
"This podcast makes me THINK! Really appreciate such a deliberate examination of race, racism, and identity. Love the hosts. 

peeeeeace! be easy."	Terrific
I just finished listening to The Long, Bloody Strike for Ethnic Studies. Thanks for educating me.	Thanks for educating me.
One of the best and very impactful. Good stuff	Un-HolyLand episode
"I love the show, and enjoyed the ep, but I was hoping to hear the case of Akai Gurley being addressed. When Officer Peter Liang was prosecuted, there were protests by Asian Americans on Liang's behalf. A lot of Black people (myself included) didn't feel that ""Alliance""."	"""Korean American's Reckoning"""
Thank you—from a Latina who wanted help sharing more with her Caucasian friends.	Helping me overcome my misunderstandings
This podcast is amazing I am a mixed kid so being part of two cultures is hard the world is telling you to choose one over the other but what I learned from this podcast is that you should embrace both thanks a lot	Thank you
"Some of my first listens were like, “this is great!”.  I may be wrong, but the overall sentiment does not address that racism, more over prejudice in my experience, is a two-way street…. A  four-way stop sign that is ingrained in all peoples, of all ethnicities.  People are raised, how they are raised by others; families, communities, schools, religions, and they either turn out good or they turn out  bad.  
Beyond the beauty and innocence of childhood, tolerance is taught, learned and practiced, just as prejudice is taught learned and practiced.
You cannot define me as ‘Gray People’, nor can you define me as ‘Green People’, for I am neither, yet if you saw me in person, you might feel that I am one, or the other.  I do not like that this show talks about ‘xyz People’ so often and sometimes in a callous disrespectful manner.  We are all just People.
I am fortunate enough to have been raised multi-multi culturally and I embrace many philosophies, many ethnicities, many religious beliefs and more importantly the fact that we are all humans of only two species.
It would be nice to hear a more diverse, inclusive conversation once in a while.  The subjects are intriguing and educational.  The show means well.  Don't stop.
So please try to do well.  Improve and expand the delivery."	Peoples
Love the topics discussed and the hosts!	Amazing journalism
Code switch is beyond a doubt my favorite podcast out there. It’s warm, deep, thought provoking and comprehensive. Gene and Shereen are wonderful journalists, hosts, storytellers. I’m so grateful for their voices. I love the lack of explanatory commas, i love hearing about the hosts personal relationship to these topics, i love hearing the exasperation and the disagreement and the honesty. I hope NPR is giving this show and G&S every single dollar it and they deserve. I have learned, laughed, and cried a ton. Thank you!!	The best podcast out there
"Awesome show keep up the good work !!!

Can you do an episode on colorism from a Caribbean and African perspective."	Episode
Hello to everyone that just started listening! We’re glad you’re here. Tell everyone you know to listen too. This is my favorite podcast. It’s well produced and VERY informative on the intricacies of race and culture.	Welcome!
highly recommend	fantastic show
Educational and awesome	Great
I’ve been listening to Code Switch for years. It is always smart, interesting, and essential. What a gift that this podcast is in the world.	A gem
I really like listening to this podcast. A lot of it is hard to hear, but I think that goes to show how much I need to hear it. What I don’t need to hear is Gene’s hella judgmental “hmm”s after everything 😂 Love you guys, but I’m sure y’all ain’t perfect either. Thanks for your work.	Excellent content
Worth the listen!	Great show!!
I feel like you talk about so much and the stuff you talk about is so educational😁	Awesome
I really love this podcast — from the topics covered, to the resources provided. It is one I look forward to listening in every time it pops up.	I love this podcast
Code Switch presents information in ways that are challenging, vital, and important. I'm glad to have it as a resource.	Important
This podcast is sexist and full of the worst stereotypes, mentally and intellectually lazy. Don’t listen to it if you’re a woman.	full of stereotypes
Loved the episode about the corner stores and the recent protest coverage, but this podcast has been covering all the things for years and it is still the best	Code Switch is the best
This podcast is so important for new viewpoints and challenging perspectives.	Educational
A shift in language is called for. The word ‘‘race‘ and the word ‚racism‘  are no longer useful . The discussion out to be widened beyond skin color.	Differentiation is human.
Gee, I thought I’d be learning cutting edge stuff about race but this is just condescending self righteous rambling.	No wonder some people hate NPR
I love the hosts. I love the whole team actually. They inspire me, and teach me something new every episode.	Love it
“We aren’t who we think we are” is my introduction to this podcast and I’m already blown away. What a beautiful episode and fabulous storytelling. I was genuinely brought to tears thinking of all the twists the stories of our family history as black people take. Absolutely phenomenal. Subscribed!	brought to tears
I’m late to this podcast, but so glad I’m listening now. They do a great job of breaking down and discussing issues related to race so the listener leaves better informed and with a better understanding of racial issues in America. It is short enough that it’s not overwhelming, but long enough that they can adequately cover material. Thanks for creating this!	Informative and engaging
I love Code Switch. I love every episode and genuinely learn something valuable with every episode I consume. BUT, the episode I just finished ‘We Aren’t Who We Think We Are’, is easily the best podcast I’ve ever listened to, period. Just another reason to love Code Switch.	We Aren’t Who We Think We Are
Because this really don’t make no sense but OK why is the other betrayed it on the other traders but the other traders in the black ones away like what what but I love this one because all the other bike matters or not really good but I like this one because this one is the best of my heart that matters that matters and a white person stick up for his black matters Black Lives Matter we all know that a white person’s to computers she was on the computer she was on a show called bigger picture bigger of a song that my little baby she would she she said I know you’ll be in our town but I’m sorry I’ve been with treated like this she she stick up for us we all know that so I’m like oh my god she’s so nice	I love 661
Love the range of topics and stories! I also get some wonderful music suggestions with songs that are giving us life segment, such a wonderful cherry on top.	Code switch
Try Do Er d seesn rk was f ewww	See😢😘
You reveal more about power and who holds it. I need to see what you are showing me.	Thank you
Y’all killing it!!! Thank you for your work and the content you create.	💛💛💛
"Have listened to Code Switch on and off since 2016. The team consistently produces fascinating, informative, and quality stories on the way race and racism manifest in our world, communities, and individual lives.

Code Switch has made me cry, shift my perspective, empathize, and become introspective and I value those moments of reflection and growth. There is always so much to learn from this team of reporters. Outside of strictly news oriented podcasts, this is my favorite NPR podcast."	The consistently best podcast on race
"I am new to the podcast and absolutely love it!!! I ‘ve been recommending it to friends.
Totally enjoying all of the topics, stuff I never knew, things I always wondered about and simple joy of learning and how the knowledge sparks new thoughts and ideas."	New to the podcast and love it
Great episode! I learned a lot about qualified immunity and you two explained it so well. This was my first episode I’ll be back for sure.	An Immune System
This podcast lets us in on some hard conversations about race and systemic racism. The hosts are young, fiercely bright, and unyielding. That said, they are easy to listen to. Their unique talent is to give us some much needed medicine, but with some honey to make it easier for us. Not that we deserve the consideration.	Medicine with some honey
I’m sure lots of different people from varying perspectives would love this show, but I’ll speak for myself as a White person with a dearth of voices of people of color in my life.  I need this show.  I have found podcasts to be a reliable way to consistently plug in and hear voices I need to hear, and this one is the pinnacle.	This is it.
As someone who is mixed Mexican and white, I have long tried to blend into the white world that often doesn’t address racial issues or can even talk about race in any way for fear of what else they’ll have to face: Finally a show that talks about things that are constantly on my mind, but that I didn’t have an outlet for all that often. America needs this podcast, so white people can learn and so we can all talk about things we normally don’t talk about.	This is what America needs
This is a uniquely wonderful show that uncovers the history of people.  I am gaining a much better understanding and appreciation of diversity.	Terrific Show!!
I am glad that I found Code Switch. Great episodes that make me smarter. Good varied topics and voices.	Great podcast!
A never disappointing look at society that is thoughtful, in-depth,  well researched, funny when needed and undeniably human. Can’t wait for a new post each week.	Insightful
The best podcast, I have been listening for great, I recommend to everyone!	Love Code Switch!
“We aren’t what we think we are” was outstanding!	Great episode!
Excellent episode on understanding why documents in this country matter. From finding the truth of one’s identity to understanding the historical nature of systemic racism, classism, and the established stature of white supremacy-even though her white relative knew sleeping with his enslaved was not only taboo but to have birthed an heir that needed to be challenged in court produces a legitimacy to blackness in this country. Chained, delivered, and thus reconciled through the acknowledgement of law, African Americans (now, Black) have an indelible legacy unlike any in this world. We are America! We are the race where moral righteousness kindles perpetually. And to know, through the years, that we have forgiven the most vile of assaults on our bodies keeps me ever thankful for the journey that is us!!!	Tracing History
This podcast covers topics that I recognize can be uncomfortable, though I love all of it! It is so important for these topics to be addressed! Gene, Shereen, Karen provide valuable input to the podcast and are funny. As a Latina I appreciate the whole code switch fam and the content that is covered. Highly recommend to anyone that would like to learn more about race and ethnicity.	NPR’s BEST podcast
I recently started listening to this podcast. It’s so informative and unfiltered.	So informative
The Code Switch team is a national treasure. They tackle tough issues with straight-talk that is honest and vulnerable.	Constantly putting in The Work
I just started listening to Code Switch--love it!	At the top of my must-listen list
This podcast is the real deal!  Thank you for making me reflect, educating and inspiring me.	Thank you!
Listened to this.  Apparently J Lo and the banditos are fans.  If you would have the courage to have more empirical research and unbiased takes from the likes of Candace Owens and Larry Elder included in your show, people would be better informed.	No stars
This podcast should be required listening for everyone; it breaks down societal issues for folx in a meaningful, clear way that is both thought provoking and pushes the status quo.	A Must-Listen
Great conversations. Thanks for continuing to provide thought provoking conversation and introducing your audience to new books and thought leaders.	Food for the spirit and mind
This podcast presents a variety of great perspectives from a BIPOC stand point; it’s always enlightening and educational - thought provoking. One of my favorite podcasts.	Great perspectives
this show is so good and i learned so much. thank you!	i learned so much
Love love love it	❤️
Nope. Nope nope nope nope NOPE!	Noooooooooope
Great podcast by very smart people. Appreciate the insights.	Great podcast
Love hearing the perspectives and experiences of the hosts and their guests. Very helpful on my journey to become a worthy ally. Thank you!	Insightful and amazing
This podcast is educational, funny, heartening, and always relevant. As a woman of color navigating the daily oppression of this society, it keeps me informed and steady on my path of liberation. The mix of guests, the banter between the two hosts, and the music are all part of what makes this my favorite podcast, especially on those days when the news is heavy, sad, and full of anti-blackness.	My favorite podcast
Wonderful show	Always enlightening
I love listening to this podcast! Deep, insightful, funny, heartfelt.	Love Shereen and Gene
🤣🤣🤣	You had me at “a murder of bros”
This is just absolute insanity.	Racist Garbage
this should be required listening for everyone in america!	thank you!
As a 56 year old white woman who was raised on LI NewYork with roots in Queens we never spoke of race. I know I have implicit bias despite feeling (since I was a little girl) that life for black people is unfair from housing to jobs to education to policing etc. I felt that not being part of “the group “ I could not speak. Covid and Trump might have been the catalyst, but at least we are coming out of the wood work.   I’m sorry it took a pandemic and a racist buffoon in the WH to make us active.	Please don’t give up on white people
Racists	Where’s your own self-awareness?
"Code Switch helps me understand people more.  I""m mildly autistic, so all people are largely a mystery to me.

The power structure (all white, back then, surprise, surprise) failed me from first grade onward.  White kids drove me to tears, over and over, and white teachers did nothing but blame me.  So I wanted nothing to do with them. To this day, all someone has to be for me to consider tham as my people is not be mean.

So I really hate bullies.  Racists are either bullies or bully enablers.  So I hate them, too.  Code Switch encourages me by going after ignorance and more particularly racism, with good information, good reporting, good interviews.  While I""m a very willing learner, I'm a slow learner, about social things, anyway, and Code Switch has helped me catch up. 

Please give them a listen.  Please listen for at least a month.  You may not think so, but if you listen that long, their criticism isn't  as much about you as you may think.  They'd probably be happy to meet you.  They're good, positive people.  They're not haters.  They just call people on any bull that those people happen to be putting out."	Encouraging and education, even for autistic white guys
Well done and offering a much needed perspective in media broadcasting!	Great program!
I learn so much every time I listen. Great hosts, guests, and perspectives	Love it!
"Love hearing Aunt Betty as I grew up in LA during the sixties. LA has one of the most violent police department cultures in America and corruption is rampant (Rampart Division scandal). 

I saw how the Watts Riots drove white flight out of the city and the militarization of the LAPD. What is happening now was bound to happen!

Keep up your great work!!

Isaac Dixon 
Portland, Oregon"	Thoughtful dialogue
"This is the podcast I’ve been searching for. 

From a white Kansas farmer who is striving to be better. It hasn’t been enough to just believe in the steady match of progress, to believe that the voices of a targeted group of people are enough for the country of liberty and justice for all to correct itself. 

When you’re surrounded by a culture that avoids the hard conversations and places the ones forcing them as antagonistic to the peace of the family. It was easy to feel like your influence for change is small, that your isolation makes speaking out like yelling at clouds.

Listening to this podcast brings the harder conversations I don’t have access to in my day to day. The reminder that we are far from done and that the anger fades. Though I am entering into a busy time of year, I lean on podcasts like these to keep me connected and motivated to keep looking for other voices to boost, other perspectives to read.

To date this review the question that was posed this episode was why now. To ask myself that in the midst of this was a challenge I needed to confront. To the hosts of the show thank you."	Listening to some of the harder conversations
I am sure I know more about the very important subject of race in this country and how it affects us everyday. I have only learned more because I listen	Thanks for continuing my education
This show tackles race fearlessly and with great nuance. The episode from a while back on Respectability Politics might be the best episode of any podcast I’ve ever heard, and I’m compelled to write this review about halfway through the more recent episode regarding outside agitators because it so effectively communicates what I wanted to say but couldn’t put into words, while running through some fascinating facts, history, and personal accounts I otherwise wouldn’t be exposed to. I cannot recommend this podcast enough.	Just incredible
"You’re simply talking about black MALE lives as if BLACK WOMEN ARE NOT BEING KILLED!!

The longer black women are removed from your narrative, the longer this issue will perpetuate itself.  

How will you use your platform to share the FULL BLACK COMMUNITY’s experience?"	I wish I could but…
Best podcast!	Love it
You all are doing the work and reaching the outlying minority groups, too. Good on ya! Treat yourself well today.	Thank You for Being So Good!
This is an excellent show. Insightful and profound topics that surprise and teach me new things every time. The hosts are skilled journalists who know how to inject humor and lightness at all the right times. I’m so grateful for this podcast. It’s my go-to for analysis and for hearing what I need to hear.	I learn every single time
Everything we need. Should be required listening for all.	Essential
If you actually did something, and stopped blaming other people for your problems, you’d get somewhere in life. Victimhood culture is alive and well.	Unrealistic
I have learned a lot from this show.	Required Listening
Your work is world changing and important!	Thank you thank you
Thank you very much for your podcast as it’s both timely and informative. Both hosts are very insightful and the commentary is genuine. This will be on regular podcast rotation going forward.	Knowledge is Power
Gene and Shereen are smart, real, hilarious, and call out what needs to be called out. I have learned so much from them. Also love when Karen Grigsby Bates co hosts, she’s amazing. Love this pod, it’s content gives me life and so much to think about, thank you Codeswitch team!	Peace and Be Easy Flow From This Podcast
Topics we could all benefit from hearing right now	Great show
A great place to begin. And a reminder that it’s better to start late, then to never start at all. Thank you for doing this work and for educating us ✊🏼💗✨	Breaks it all down!
informative	cool
the varying topics covered are informative & shared through great storytelling.	informative and vast
I love this podcast. I keep my notebook near by for notes. The hosts are so intelligent. They will keep your mind, body, and soul enlightened.	You Will Not Be Disappointed
This podcast is incredible. As a white person trying to better educate myself on the black experience as well as the experiences of other minorities, this is a great resource. It should be added to everyone’s regular listening schedule!	Amazing and Informative
The Poet episode - wow!!!	Amazing podcast!
I learn more and more with every episode. Never boring or anything. I love this podcast!	Incredible
I have been listening on and off for at least a few years and I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you for making a podcast that addresses the difficult and necessary issues and having the conversations we need to be having with ourselves, families, neighbors, and communities. You both have done an amazing job breaking down issues and language of race and gender identity; giving white people like me a way to understand and empathize with oppressed minorities and what daily struggles they face. I know I can never truly understand, but for me this podcast gives me a starting point. Keep giving this podcast life!! Hope everyone is safe and healthy.	Thank You!
This is a must listen podcast.	Wow...
This show feels more important than ever. I'm so grateful to the hosts and the production team.	Consistently Great
I’ve found this podcast to be a wonderful way to begin to listen and learn. Thank you.	Listen
Thank you for giving us a friendly open place for the conversation & learning more about how to shrink the gap & connect with our fellow americans.	Exactly what we needed
Great and thoughtful conversation about race, what we need right now 🙏🏼🙏🏼	Fantastic
Love Code Switch and love when it “guest appears” on other podcasts I subscribe to, shows the intersection and relevancy of topics discussed. Thanks for doing your great work!	Yes!
The hosts are just fantastic and right now people need a way to engage with race and educate themselves in a manner that won’t just destroy your existence with depression and hopelessness - this is that. Bingeworthy - 10/10	Really terrific podcasts
"Thank you for providing facts and telling us the story we all need to learn at understand. 

I am Mexican, have been married 10yrs to a Black man. I have learned so much during these past years. I had not been privy to the amount of information that I’ve learned. I am thankful for what was uncovered. 

It’s so much that I can feel the rage. I can see MY people going through this as well. I can see now. 

Thank you again for the work you are doing. It needs to continue."	If you don’t understand, learn!
This podcast should be required listening. Thank you for this!	Important
Thank you.	Thank you.
Thank you for educating myself and others around the world	Thank you
Give it a listen	Great podcast
"Sharing this on socials right now. So
helpful during this time."	Sharing this
What a joke. No idea how anyone can take these people seriously.	Is this for real?
Thank you for doing this work.	Important
I’m a white mother of 2 African-American teenage boys.   I have learned so much from this podcast - have listened since the day it started.  They have educated me on so many topics and have helped me navigate some challenging situations with my own boys.  Thank U!	Great insights!!
Important voices to listen to and learn from	Start here
No words to say thank you/ gracias! Your reporting and analysis is essential to spread the understanding of our race relations complexity.	Insightful
"Thank you for this incredible piece of journalism.

You win my award of among the all time best!"	so needed
"This is a powerful podcast.
I am white. I grew up in the Bay Area in  various mixed ethnic communities in the 80’s-90’s. Most of my adulthood was in Hawaii, while raising children. Minorities are white children (ha’ole). 
What is happening recently is making me and my children so disgusted. I don’t know what to tell my 13 year old son, who has fair skin and bright blue green eyes. How should he operate in this world?  He has only known ‘mixed’ communities. But that isn’t how he will be viewed. 
I am so sad that today seems to be less progressed than ‘yesterday’."	So sad
Love the show! Thanks so much for your info and insight. I’m a 65 year old African American woman. We as a people have suffered America’s oppression for hundreds of years. Friday night was the first time I finally saw white Americans come out and really support us. We lived thru so many years of them accepting the way we were treated. We had to just live with the situation and continue to try to still survive. All we’ve ever wanted is to be able live a good life.	Finally
I’m sorry but once a week, less than half an hour is just not enough!  This is by far my favorite podcast. The two host have the best professional relationship. You both give me life!!!	Not enough
"It's so refreshing to listen to a podcast that is by and for people of color that know and understand what it is like to be a person of color in the US. The racial lens is on point and so refreshing. No need to listen to a white person pontificate about our experiences anymore! Seriously though, the white male gaze does not live here and I'm here for it. Code Switch brings me life every week and I wouldn't know what I would do without it. 

The podcast touches on so many issues and experiences and Gene and Shereen are unapologetically bringing the truth and critique. They understand why its important to stay woke and are the breath of fresh air we've all been waiting for. I'm sad I didn't discover the podcast until 2017, but have been catching up on all the episodes slowly. If you need to dive into issues that are intersectional and layered, this is a great place to start!

Y'all are great, please keep being you!"	A podcast FOR pocs!
"I’ve been listening since these folks started. The team is a great mix of people with different experiences and from different generations tackling ethnicity in America.  From our start, at least back to 1619, race and racism has been a part of the American experience. It shaped our institutions and our society. 

This podcast shines a light on what’s been in plain view. It helps me understand my privilege and to act as a better ally.  I find some episodes difficult but they rarely completely crush my soul. Usually, I learn of activists fighting to create a level playing field and that give me hope."	An important topic are delivered by a solid team
Code Switch helps cut through the nonsense to expose the racial element of each of our modern dilemmas and challenges.	Bringing the racial lens
Great stuff	Interesting content!
"I’m a 53 y/o Puerto Rican. My wife is Puerto Rican too. Our families all Live in PR as do our friends. I’ve never heard one Puerto Rican use the word mainland to refer to the USA. This is only a foreign journalist style term. Please stop.  
We love Adrian Florido !"	Mainland ?
Coming from a nearly monocultural region, I have learned a lot about culture from this podcast.  The podcast makes you want to have more culture in your life, and to see how we all affect each other.	A balance of accessibility and authenticity
I have learned so much from Code Switch, laughed and cried and been inspired.	Educational and inspiring!
This podcast has truly turned around. I left for a few months, but since returning; each episode is pure GOLD. Please push our more episodes!	**revised rating:  Remarkably important topics with excellent execution.
Love this show!	Excellent
Love this show! Breaks things down in a way that’s easy for you g folks to understand! Thanks y’all!	Love this show! Breaks things down!
Feeling so much love and truth when I listen to code switch. They speak from the heart and their words are relevant and eye opening. Thank you!!!	Teacher in DMV
"Code Switch is an easy step toward understanding folks not like you and their perspective.  We live in such a segregated society, it is difficult to hear voices of fellow Americans who see the world in a different way and with a different social context.  Accept that you are White and start to understand how your Whiteness colors your view of the world.

White people will, and should, feel uncomfortable at times.  That is a sign that you are starting to grow…"	White people listen, I do
Every episode makes me smarter and allows me to think more critically about society.	Everybody listen!
As a 20-something, I love episodes where I get to learn from KGB’s wisdom.	More Karen!
I’ve always love your shows, however, I need to hear from the Caribbean voice on issues of who accepts whom and who doesn’t.	What it means to be black
Every episode is a jewel. You guys inform, entertain, and open eyes.	❤️ Shereen and Gene!
Love this!!!	Fantastic!
Keep doing what your doing!	Loueb61
Eye opening conversations and research. Love the new image for the podcast!	Thanks for your good work
Code switch is good y’all. Actually it’s great. I love the brilliant dialogue. Gene and Shereen have great flow. This podcast should be mandatory listening.	What’s good yo?
In the last episode you guys referred to the Japanese being put into concentration camps. The Jews were put into concentration camps as part of a systematic way to kill millions of them through starvation, torture and being gassed. The Japanese were put into interment camps. Awful, no doubt and a shameful part of American history. But they were not concentration camps. Language is important and using words incorrectly in once sense reduces the impact greatly in another sense. You guys can do much better.	Concentration camps!?
Look forward in listening  to  Code Switch on  Wednesday . It’s  History that isn’t  taught in school..	Informative
More more more on First Nations people! There just isn’t enough of this popping up in my feed and this was well done and credible. Not about opinions but historic and current events of the Cherokee peoples. Thank you!	A Treacherous Choice and A Treaty Right
Wow such an amazing podcast. I love how it provides a perspective that is much needed in our national and global rhetoric. We all need to come together, however we all need to acknowledge and then atone for the past so we can move forward together, United! God bless you all. Great work	Superb
love the new look! have been listening to your insightful convos for years and love the variety of topics and intersections covered	pod cover
Love the insightful content, new look and how you make me laugh. Brian McKnight Back at One on my playlist and how the hosts said they can’t stand this song. LOL	You must be a subscriber!
Love the new logo!  Also please speak to what’s happening with people of color.  No news other than of mainstream	Logo
As an immigrant to the US, Code Switch totally change the way I explore the world. Insightful, delightful and meaningful.	A Must listen for immigrants
Every episode is so thoughtfully done and super informative! I always look forward to listening & learning.	Love me some Code Switch!
And always worth a listen.	Relevant, insightful, challenging
Thank you for the hard work of delving into tough topics. I’m learning so much that I didn’t know I didn’t know. I’d like to think that I’m a better person for listening to Code Switch, that I am learning to act with more compassion and more justice as I move through this world.	Learning so much
"I am 80 raised by liberal sociology academic parents. Code Switch is teaching me what I missed in the first pass through this lifetime. 
And these are two fabulous hosts who hold all this lightly and with humor."	Lifetime of not quite
If you're interested the super important part of modern life, race, give this show your time. It's worth every second. The hosts are so amazing and adorable too <3	Worth Your time
A funny smart podcast that teaches but also has fun! It gets real with history and has a good time with the playing a game show.	Funny smart
Excellent Pod!!! You guys are so current, cover important and amazing topics, and the show is so well produced. It’s given me insight that’s blown my mind. How ignorant I was. Thought I was so sensitive and PC. Ha! But how educated and aware I’ve become. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! Keep up the great episodes.	White Privileged Gal Learned Lots!
Thanks. I appreciate listening to the sensitivity, honesty and depth of your program. I also like your voices.	Waking the white girl
"If I start to write everything I love about this show, no one would want to read it all. I’ve been a faithful listener for two years at least. 

Most of all I love the Dynamic Duo of Shereen & Gene!!! You are both so talented I dread the day when you decide to move on to bigger things, while knowing I’d be very happy for your success

I’ve also really enjoyed in-depth stories by Karen Grigsby Bates, and Adrian and Cat and Leah. I like the leads on other podcasts, books, movies, and especially the “songs giving you life.”

Thank you for enriching my life!"	My very.favorite.pod
I had no idea the genuine and invaluable way that race and whiteness could be talked about. As a white guy this is helping me with my journey in my personal push toward social equity and wokeness. Thank you for this podcast.	This is absolutely fantastic
Shereen & Gene do an awesome job. It’s refreshing to listen to a podcast regarding race in America that isn’t centered or hosted by non POC. Definitely recommend it.	Love it.
"Well done podcast, interesting guests. I like hearing listeners’ anecdotes. It’s refreshing to hear people grapple with difficult things. And to get a wide range of perspectives. 

What I really want to understand is why a significant number of European or white Americans are resistant to, or even antagonistic toward, the idea of discussing race and how it affects people’s experiences. That seems like a very specific thing culturally to the US, where there is a big opportunity to grow, learn and mature."	Rad
I’m so glad to have found this podcast. I am a white women, living in a less than diverse community. These are tough conversations that, at times are painful and upsetting, but we all need to be open to hearing and learning from. I love the different voices and perspectives that are included and the raw honesty presented by the hosts. I have laughed and cried and been downright angry, all while trying to figure out where I fit into the U.S. narrative and how I can be part of positive change. Thank you! ❤️ ☮️	Great Conversations
Peace & Blessings	Dig the show
This show is so great. I love everything npr but I probably listen to this npr show the most. They talk about race from angles that make old stories new and make me rethink what I’ve learned. Thank you guys!	New stories
I’m so confused on what this podcast is trying to achieve. In the episode “Ask Code Switch: What About Your Friends?” it begins by explaining that white people only befriend other whites and that POC are less likely to have friends at all, with a possible connection between the two. One of the hosts, Gene Demby, makes a remark that he didn’t have any white friends growing up as a response and defense against the belief they didn’t like him. The episode goes on to have a guest who explains “when minorities segregated themselves it is in defense, while when white people do it, it is because they’re racist.” Which absolutely validates the hosts adolescent antagonism towards whites. What in the world is this podcast trying to achieve by constantly labeling whites as the devil??? The contradiction is clear within a single episode. Please promote love!!!!!	I’m so confused on what the goal is
I am a white woman who married a man of color whose mom did everything she could to strip him of his cultural heritage so that he would be accepted. I love the open and non-aggressive/defensive conversations about race. Everyone of every race should listen to this podcast. We cannot bring people together without understanding each other. Too often (including with my husband’s family) deep conversations are deliberately avoided. Not in this podcast!	Much needed conversation!
"All these race focused podcasts do is sow the seeds of racial resentment and divide the country.

95% of White people don’t wake up each day and think about the color of people’s skin — and no it’s because we’re privileged, it’s because we were taught skin color is irrelevant. In 58 years I’ve never met a White Supremacists because there aren’t enough White Supremacists in America to fill a medium sized stadium.

Raising children is a lot like making Marines — you don’t raise/train them to think they are victims."	Sowing the seeds of racial resentment
Thought-provoking and timely.  I listen to a lot of podcasts, but this is the one I forward to friends the most.	My most shared podcast
Enjoyed the show. Looking forward to Jason Rezaian's book.	Jason Rezaian
"Great stories about things that a thin white cis guy like myself could be brainfully and painfully oblivious to. I honestly don't think Shereen and Gene are really worrying about ""explaining it to white people,"" but as a lifelong member of that demographic, I think it actually does that really really well."	Mind expanded
So many interesting topics!	Love the hosts and the topics
As an African, Code Switch has helped me learn a lot about the dynamics of race and culture in the US and the affirmative action that has happened, is still happening and needs to happen especially for African Americans.	Very educational
Thank you for this podcast. I have learned so much and look forward to listening! I hope it stays around for a long time ❤️ please keep doing what you’re doing!	Never miss an episode
Thank you for talking about important topics and for helping me to grow as a person. I feel like I leave every episode with a new perspective and I really, really appreciate it! I grew up in a very conservative, white area and this is just another great way for me to learn about topics revolving around race that were always brushed off with a “we don’t see color”	I learn something from every episode!
Thank you.   I had never heard of this event. Great podcast that was very understandable and memorable.	Reverse freedom riders
I love this podcast and although I’m a new listener I can’t wait to see where it goes in the future. One thing I think you should add to the host lineup is a white person’s perspective that acknowledges the unfair white privilege that exists and makes some of us very uncomfortable.	The difference between white and wrong!
"Explain please! I love your show and appreciate cultural references. I’m a middle age white woman just trying to stay relevant! 

Thanks for a great show!"	Hold up, wait a minute
The people who “need” to hear your info the most are the ones who will stop tuning in if you don’t explain things. You’ll need to decide if you care more about educating or commiserating.	Sorry bout it
"Your podcasts are beyond excellent!! I listen to CS all the time. I often binge listen  if I’ve missed a few episodes. What I so appreciate is that I learn so much from each episode. I learn about history, politics, pop culture and about other communities of color. As a 66 y.o. African American Grandmother,  CS keeps me current and I thank you. I also love the friendship, humor and respect between Gene and Shareen.  
Lynne White-Dixon, Seaside, CA"	I love Code Switch!
While I'm excited that other podcasts are tackling issues of racial justice, intersectionality, identity, and power, Code Switch still stands above the rest by mixing insightful content with engaging sound production. There's no other podcast that I make sure to listen to on a weekly basis. Please keep up the incredible work Shereen, Karen, Gene and the rest of the Code Switch team!	Code Switch is My Go-To Podcast
This is a great podcast. So far I have enjoyed all of them. There voices need to be heard.	Love
This is a great, brief, science fix for everyone.	Code Switch
I’ve been listening to this podcast for a few years, and while it is uniformly excellent, this episode was exceptional in its use of sounds and voices to tell a hard story. If I were in charge, this episode would be required listening for everyone.	A Strange and Bitter Crop
"Racist is like the N-word for white people? Even white supremest don’t want to be called racist?

Wow, really?  I learned something new today. To anyone who genuinely believes that, the hell out of here."	The R-word episode
W Kamal Bell 's phrase for required knowledge for whites. This is one of those. The best outcome i see is education will motivate WP to reparations and justice. With God's help	White People Homework
I love this pod.  Great topics, great production quality, and perfect length.	Important topics, well delivered
As a white Yankee, I didn’t know what I didn’t know about race and culture in America.  Listening to Code Switch has opened my eyes in ways I never imagined.  Code Switch is a must for anyone genuinely interested in understanding the many and varied meanings of being American.	Free your mind, the rest will follow.
Thank you for showing how nuanced race and race relations are in the U.S. and beyond.	Timely subject
One of the best podcasts out there. I’ve learned so much and enjoyed every minute. Thank you for bringing us stories and the history of the challenges our society faces and what we need to do about it.	Important and well-done
I love this podcast! Ever episode is informative, through and well done! Most importantly they have opened my eyes to topics I had no idea about! Grateful for the Code Switch team and the work they do!	Eye opening
.. to help me better understand issues of race and privilege, the injustices heaped on people of color.  I just finished listening to the L. Lamar Alexander episode.  Heartbreaking, shocking, moving, compelling.	Thank you for everything you do
Stories we need to hear and reflect upon.	Reality check for us all
Code Switch is all about reminding us of our past and present issue with race in the United States. Sometimes it’s to celebrate the customs and traditions of people of color, while other times it sheds light on the current injustice against POCs. If you want to be informed and enlightened on how people of color paint the landscape of this country, listen to Code Switch.	Keeping us accountable
This podcast gives me purpose. It's my north star.	Chris Lee-Rodriguez
From cooking chicken to girls talking about Periods to lynchings in our lifetime, Code Switch is the best! The information is timely, emotional,  and offers a critical analysis. Thank you thank you thank you!	Gratitude for Code Switch!
I applaud this podcast for telling the stories we need to hear. They delve into history and current events to share the stories that often do not get told. It is engaging, moving, and entertaining.	Listen to this podcast
A Strange and Bitter Crop was an intense, important episode. Don’t miss it.	Challenging
Everyone, but especially my fellow white people, need to listen to this podcast. They are telling things like they are, and like they were, often directly from the mouths of those who have lived with and through racism and it’s often unimaginable consequences. They also offer possible solutions and, importantly, hope.	Telling it!
I just discovered this podcast and I am devouring it. I so appreciate the range of topics and the diverse perspectives. It is full of compassion, humor, history and poetry. Thank you for an amazing and informative show.	My new favorite podcast
I am a mid-50s, middle class white woman whose parents essentially “didn’t see color”.  My siblings and I went to our neighborhood school, while some friends’ parents either moved, or sought boundary exceptions to go to the mostly white schools in the suburbs. Everyone was welcome in our home. Decades into adulthood, I realized that it was a disservice to grow up not seeing color, because if I didn’t see color, I also could not see the reality of the history, nor the bias and discrimination so deeply embedded into EVERY facet of society. I could not see my privilege.  I could not see. Listening to this podcast (and several others) has altered my world view. I work in government. I am constantly challenging myself to toss aside ingrained behaviors and systems to look for ways to eliminate biases. The night President Obama was elected, my lack of understanding was on full display. I sobbed with tears of joy, believing that our country had finally turned a corner. My age, my whiteness, my upbringing, my education, my income, and my access to resources all support my complicity with systemic racism. Changing how you think changes how you feel, and changes the actions you take, and then the world around you changes. Listen to this podcast. Embrace change.	Every Single Episode
"In a time when some believe that the election of an African American president had signaled the end of racism in America, we need Code Switch to bring us back to reality. Every week the stories find a different take on a common theme, or illuminate a topic we thought we knew but didn’t.

Code Switch should be required listening for all Americans, but White Americans in particular (of which I am one). Thank you."	Should be required listening
Code Switch came into my life last year and I look forward to it every Tuesday. Things I've missed my whole life are brought often gently into my consciousness - and when it's not gentle, I listen again. Talk about race in America. Here you go.	The BEST podcast!
very informative show; really enjoy it	really quality show
For about 10 days, EVERY NPR podcast was running an ad for Code Switch. They add said it will definitely make you laugh. Huh? I listened to a couple of them. Not particularly funny or clever. Usual set of NPR commentators covering usual political issues with a liberal bent. Quite a bit of overlap with other NPR podcasts. I’m at a loss to understand what new this podcast is bringing to the table	Not Particularly Funny
I don’t always agree, but I am challenged and enlightened by each episode.  Great podcast!	Enlightening
I love this podcast! It's plainspoken, well researched, street and straight.	Street and Straight
I absolutely love this podcast. It has been the source in which my podcast selections has grown. The only ask is please put more referenced items in your notes so when I’m driving or preoccupied while listening I can later check your episode notes and follow some is the podcasts you mention, and check books referenced, etc.	LOVE but help me out with better episode notes
Funny, informative, intelligent & culturally relevant. Well done!	Always Interesting!
Just another racist podcast- didn’t know everyone could use the N-word I guess all you need is a little mix.	How many languages does it take to switch a code¡
This is a great podcast to listen to if you want to take a critical look at our culture and society. I always learn something new. Thank you Gene and the Codeswitch fam!	Informative and insightful
This is a great podcast to sit and learn. Sometimes I learn what the issue is. Sometimes I learn how to talk about the issue. This podcast is making me a better person.	Teaching me
Great podcast to listen to in the morning.	Love this podcast
Mostly awesome and hilarious!	Good stuff
Had a problem with fresh air subscription switching to code switch. That was annoying but npr help worked it out for me. Now I listen to both. Good!	Good show
Absolutely love! Important for everyone to hear.	One of my all-time favorite podcasts
"I like this podcast a lot. I like the co-hosts including the substitute co-hosts who show up every now and then. I always learn new things and of other people’s experiences who are different than I am. Well-researched, informative and very educational.
I just wish y’all would give other countries your attention & focus on your platform and talk about what’s happening there. It’s always US this & US that. That’s my only criticism. Keep up the good work!👏🏽"	Educational, informative & diverse 👏🏽
"I love the crew behind this podcast. I love learning about their perspectives because despite being ""mixed"" I have lead an entirely ""white"" life when I think back to all my priveledges and background. But I need this podcast in my life to give me the other point of view on all topics race related that so divide this country"	Love the diversity of thought and spirit
This podcast is full of rich stories and great takes that are great for everyone. I love many NPR podcasts for their story telling but don’t always feel like they are good at showcasing an anti racist ethic. This one makes me laugh, cry, and learn.	Uniquely great
Update 8/13/2019 Why is this not fixed? Still not getting my proper subscription. Update 7/24/2019 PLEASE fix this problem  Update 7/4/2019 Still not fixed. PLEASE fix this problem  Update 6/25/2019 Why hasn’t anyone fixed this problem?!!! Help! For months I’ve been trying subscribe to Fresh air and keep getting subscribed to this podcast. Obviously there’s something wrong on your server or fresh air’s server. Please fix.	Wrong subscription
Listen to revisionist history.  Police was awful in Ferguson.  But they picked the wrong guy to be the martyr.	Not a good summary.
As a higher education administrator and doctoral student I love promoting these podcasts to students, faculty, and staff I’m blessed enough to work with on a PWI. The narratives provide an outstanding supplement to information conveniently left out of instructional textbooks and faculty lectures, and particularly allows students of color another lens from which to see the mosaic of why bodies of color matter. Kudos to the entire team for your OUTSTANDING efforts in exposing scoured and racialized historical “truths”.	ESSENTIAL TO OFFSETTING TEXTBOOK HISTORICAL ERASURES
Love to hear the diverse perspectives, insights and stories. Marvelous idea for a podcast.	A favorite
June 3 and this annoyance continues. :( As of May 14, still having Code Switch pop up instead of Fresh Air, anytime I refresh Fresh Air. Almost August, and feed for Fresh Air is still not right.  Isn’t anyone listening, or addressing this?  :(	Podcast feed still not right
White girl from Seattle who works in tech, here. This is one of my all-time favorite podcasts. I appreciate how diverse the topics are — they cover everything from the racial politics behind the US Census to being a queer person of color. And it’s refreshing to hear perspectives from folks who aren’t privileged white men. Thank you, Code Switch Team!	Good breadth of topics and voices
"""Code Switch"" = endless harping about racism. Every. Single. Episode. Indictments galore for anyone not like them. It's tiresome and demoralizing. One host tries to outdo fellow Spanish-speaking guests with exaggerated pronunciations of Spanish words. The other has chronic mushmouth. Both are officious, judgemental, resentful, and whiny.  Rarely does ""Code Switch"" introduce listeners to anything novel, e.g., the latest academic insights about demographic change, or the daily lives of families new to America (families that don't have severe grievances to air, that is). It's all negative, all the time. In contrast, ""Nancy"" from WNYC has a healthy balance of positive stories, e.g., celebrating aspects of certain cultures, and other stories highlighting some problems individuals from certain backgrounds face. It's basically as if the Yale students screaming at Professor Nicholas Christakis (check it out on YouTube) now have their own taxpayer-funded podcast. Negative. Alienating. Repellent."	Grievance Central
I love this show. I’m so grateful for these perspectives. This is important work for everyone to hear for different reasons. I assume people of color feel it’s important to have shared space to talk about shared experiences. It’s definitely important for white people to just shut up and listen and allow people of color to feel like the won’t be interrupted for a change.	Thank you
Code Switch is such an informative podcast. The short and concise episodes make it easy to absorb a great deal of information. The topics they cover are diverse and quite original.	Informative and engaging
Fresh Air keeps downloading in my feed under this podcast? I love actual code switch, but I on purpose don’t subscribe to Fresh Air.	I like code switch, but where did it go?
This is such a critical podcast for today. Our world needs a much better education in race and culture. At times it can be hard to know how or where to get that education. This podcast is a great resource for current issues and how they impact different groups of people. The hosts are candid and insightful-this podcast is a beautiful look inside cultural ideologies and lives experiences and is a must!	A Look Inside
The show itself is good.  But the subscription keeps switching to Code Switch.  I’ve even tried unsubscribing and resubscribing.  It’s gone on like this for a couple months now.  I can’t be the only one experiencing this.	Fix the subscription issue on the iOS app please
I’m a retired person which means my early experiences did not include much history outside of White perceptions, much cultural interaction with persons of other races or traditions, much understanding even though I have had concern and curiosity. Even now I am afraid of doing or saying something stupidly offensive. I totally agree that it’s my job to educate myself so I read a lot. But this podcast, hearing ideas, issues, explanations, history, and traditions in the voices of many people different than myself is exciting! I am so happy to finally make sense of things. And so sad that I never knew so much because of housing/school segregation. This is a safe way for me, for anyone, to learn. Subscribe!	Lifelong Learning
I don’t know why it’s so hard to be unbiased. If you bring people on a show to talk about a topic don’t give one side twice as many guests and twice as much air time as the other side. It’s so predictable which way it will lean, too. I don’t feel like I gain anything by listening.	Too biased
I love Gene and Shereen! This podcast is so thoughtful and timely - well researched, with good story telling. I often use pertinent episodes to illustrate concepts in my Sociology classes and I recommend them to my students. Thank you for the excellent work!	Wonderful
Not a single white male in the group. When did it become white men vs the world? There IS a hierarchy in every culture in every nation of the world and at ALL times. The fact that you personally are not at the top speaks volumes about you and very little about the American Standard. Intersectional politics is why YOU people have forced the American hand to re-elect a Donald Trump. Don’t break your arm patting yourselves on the back calling it racism.	What’s Reverse Racism?
Real and highly entertaining talk on intersectional issues of race, culture, ethnicity with humor, wit and keen insight.	Insightful and entertaining
Excellent discussions on race and culture that’s in it enough for POC and non confrontational enough for (most) anglos.	Great program
Wether I agree or not it always makes me think	Right or wrong
Same problem with Fresh Air! Too annoying!!! I have to resubscribe every day to Fresh Air and then zombie Code Switch possesses the podcast and Fresh Air disappears from my library.	Stop!
Love this episode	Zj
One of the best. Expand your horizons.	Entertaining and thought-provoking
This podcast is usually timely, thoughtful and provocative. I felt that one of my favorite podcasts was replaced by a cooking show. This episode was disappointingly shallow with a few minutes of conversation about intersectionality.	Disappointing
One of the best society and culture pods out there. The stories covered are fascinating and voices included are those you often don’t hear from. The hosts are very likeable and seem normal and honest. I think Code Switch is doing very important journalism.	Fantastic
Everyone should listen. Incredible hosts, deeply informative and respectful content. Thank you guys!	Amazing
While I can't directly relate to the majority of the content, I really value learning about the history of activism for events that I didn't know took place. Each episode opens my eyes and I enjoy the details that are explored.	Very educational
As of May 16th still have Code Switch pop up instead of Fresh Air. Please fix, very annoying.	Code switch
The podcasts are still jumbled.  Fresh Air is deleted daily and Code Switch appears in it’s place.	Fix the podcasts
I love this!!!!	Love it
Podcast? This is my favorite NPR radio show re-packaged as a so called Podcast. Love Fresh Air and Terry Gross.	Podcast? This is my favorite NPR radio show
Please fix this glitch!	iTunes keep replacing this feed with Story Corps
Dozens of this podcast were just downloaded to my library without my say so. A gigantic pain to delete every single one.	Automatic Download
Apple Podcasts took my Code Switch subscription and wrapped it into Fresh Air without any warning! How disappointing - a bit of a heads up regarding the restructuring would have gone a long way. I’ve unsubscribed-I don’t have the mental bandwidth for all that Fresh Air covers-but I will finish listening to the Code Switch episodes I had downloaded before the merger. Peace.	What happened to Code Switch??
As Gene says often “I appreciate you”! Thank you for a “woke” podcast that informs with interesting interviews and commentaries. As a 57-year-old mixed race woman, I have learned so much I did t know I needed to know (like what woke means). I get educated without having to embarrass myself with what are probably basic questions (also didn’t know Latinx and cis-gender or the explanatory comma for that matter!) I keep listening hoping I might be considered woke one day by my young brothers and sisters.	Appreciate you!
"This is easily my favorite podcast. I've been listening from the beginning and have enjoyed 99% of the episodes and always look forward to each one. Hard to pick faves but I especially appreciated the one about black characters in horror movies. I am a fan of the genre but the analysis provided by the professor on the topic was mind-blowing and made me think, ""Of course! It all makes sense!"" Now her observations seem so obvious. There are also others like the one about the explanatory comma. I enjoyed that one and didn't really think much about it and was surprised to hear how much some people felt strongly against it. It's really helpful when this kind of information is shared because even though it can be somewhat jarring to hear about backlash to something you don't think is controversial AT ALL, it helps you understand where others are coming from though this is also in large part to a great production team. As for some constructive feedback, use fewer academics. As good as they often are, there are other experts out there."	Always Insightful
Y’all blow my mind every time. Your stories are informative, timely, real and infused with respect and dignity. Thank you for making podcast about race, identity and culture that represents our larger black and brown identities real and dope. I appreciate you. #codeswitchisdope	Best ever Podcast!
This episode was well done and I enjoyed it, but LOL at Ira saying “I guess that’s what America does these days; make people work for free,” as if America doesn’t have a long history of slavery.	667: Wartime Radio
I just binged 5 episodes and l’m hooked. Great research from the facilitators and guests. This show does not addresses race but it does not camp out in victim hood. Excellent conversation starter.	Love this podcast!
I was presently surprised with the balance of the episode . You guys did an excellent job of addressing why it’s so dangerous for some ... (not me) to criticize the human rights violations and other issues involving Israel . Good work folks	Episode on how to talk about Israel
"Really interesting podcast with valuable insights. Great job uncovering the day-to-day impact of racism in America, and helping listeners understand how and why endemic racism exists and how its unfairness manifests in our society. Still, I think the podcast could take more risks. They should push the show toward a more open dialogue by inviting people with differing opinions. To give an example, there was an episode arguing that pitbulls are demonized as a byproduct of racism, proven in part by stories in Sports Illustrated. This is presented as fact and goes unchallenged. Why not have a conversation with the writers/editors of those stories? Maybe there’s something more to understand?

There’s a lot to learn from this show but there should also be some willingness to challenge the narrative with counter opinions. It would make for a more compelling podcast."	Good but could be better
I’m disappointed that there was never any focus on Black islands hit by hurricanes. Additionally, sometimes, I feel like Shereen is reaching.	Mostly Love It, But...
I loved that you talked about vegans from other cultures as a Colombian vegan, im keeping my traditions but leaving meat out or using vegan meat and cheeses.	Vegans
One of my favorite podcasts. I love how they mix history with current news and educate in a non-preachy way. We need more of these conversations.	Great
Thank you for the episode about San Francisco State. I grew up in the Bay Area and lived in SF for a decade and never knew this piece of its history in such depth. Proud of the place I still call home.	SF State Episode
This is a vital podcast ❤️	Amazing!
ive only listened to a few episodes so far, and i already love it. before i listened, i saw a lot of angry one star reviews about the first episode; I now know that those reviews are probably just angry yt people who are uncomfortable talking about their race as an “identity.” As a white jewish-american woman, I love these types of conversations, even IF they make me uncomfortable. sometimes, it’s okay to be uncomfortable. this is DEFINITELY one of those times!!	thoughtful, well said, makes me think!!
Love code switch! it makes my hour drive to work bearable!!	Code switch
There is a huge controversy going on in the knitting community right now and the story was pitched to code switch and Gene dismissed them as some girl thing not worthy of the gum on his shoe. He mocked them and was very rude. women of color are having a very real discussion about racism that effects thier lives, business and thier voices. Shame on code switch for participating in such a blatent display of sexism	Gene needs to work on his sexism
In-depth perspectives	Neato show
"Sometimes uncomfortable always thoughtful and engaging.

They courageously and carefully examine identity always with a multifaceted and intersectional approach."	Thoughtful, courageous & Smart.
Code switch provides a vital discussion of the issues of the day which are influenced by racial dynamics. I enjoy the hosts and their interaction, but the best parts are their guests and the nuanced discussion of life in the US for people of color.	Excellent and vital, especially for white people like me
"I have been listening since the first episode aired. Brilliant, deep, messy conversations about race that somehow stays funny and fun. 
Subscribe. Listen. Learn."	Best podcast
Always a pleasure to listen & learn from this shows subject matter. Very relevant for every human-being.	Code Switch
Insightful look at race and its politics in America.	Love
"Pretty amazing. It's like having an eye opening conversation with a colorful friend, but throw in a researcher.

I think you'll like it."	White dude review.
I learn something every time I tune in. I appreciate how Code Switch takes on tough questions and provides thoughtful, informed answers.	Timely talk
I just listened to my first episode, Pretty Hurts. It was a great listen. Looking forward to hearing more!	Great Podcast!
Love the way the hosts bring in so many perspectives. This show is refreshing, thought provoking, and powerful. Thank you for giving a much needed platform to so many voices.	Great Podcast!
Really disappointed in the lack of representation for other women of color concerning this topic! Is this show only representing one POC group now?? Recent episodes seem to be dominated by issues concerning the Latin X community. Is this evidence of sloppy work or divisions amongst POC?	Pretty Hurts
S&G have helped me understand a different point of view and appreciate the triumphs and struggles of others. Thank you!  As a new Boo, this podcast gives things to think about and talk about with my Bae.	A different perspective
I learn so much every time. Thank you for challenging and growing your listeners. We love evolving!	The best podcast show
An amazing, life changing podcast	Life changing, thoughtful
As a African American female in the corporate world it is hard to find words for your experience. I think this is a positive podcast that sheds light on a unique experience hopefully enlightening others who are different! Ultimately I hope that is what we all try to do one day!!!	HBCU❤️
This podcast often covers tough subjects but in a fresh way. I love their takes on things	Great podcast
Honestly one of my favorite, it’s a truly informative podcast that really makes me think about the norms surrounding our society.	I listen to this podcast daily!
Exactly the kind of show I need in my life. Great reporting on a wide variety of topics. I love all of the people involved. Thank you!	An essential podcast.
Always helpful, thoughtful, researched, nuanced, and straightforward reporting and discussions of race in America - in politics, culture, education, commerce, etc. So grateful for the work you all do to illuminate the issues.	Thoughtful discussion of race
I pull up Code Switch frequently, and I appreciate the many ways the hosts dissect race, intersectionality, and go deep in a variety of ways. I’ve been known to share this podcast with friends and colleagues, and I appreciate the courage to tackle the ways race is lived, felt, and discussed in America and beyond. Keep up the good work.	Always a good listen
I admire how they illustrate the complex role that race plays in our everyday lives and hxstories. I also appreciate the diversity of topics that they talk about in relation to race and that they bring people/professionals to talk about such topics. Lastly, I love how much I can relate to the the curators of the podcast and the way they facilitate the podcast is funny, critical, and easy to follow. Overall, this podcast is critical, urgent, funny, and loving.	Critical and caring podcasr
"Tough topic.  Any subjects about race gender and/or socio-economic status is uncomfortable.     The podcast is designed to make you more self aware, which is supposed to be a bit uncomfortable.  
  Im going to give it a chance."	The wide range of reviews speak for itself
I just love code switch. You all speak my language! And amazing job on the DNA episode, giving us all different perspectives on the controversial topic.	Love this podcast
I'm a liberal, atheist, Middle Eastern gay man, and I'd rather stand first row at a Trump rally than be locked in a room with these feaux woke narcissists.	Critical Race Theory: the Podcast
One of my favorite discoveries of 2018! The lens through which they discuss issues is truly refreshing, especially for NPR (which is a well intended organization but like everything heavily dominated by white male perspectives). I don’t agree with all their tales and I LIKE that. Growth comes from both challenge and affirmation. Do yourself a favor and make this a weekly download.	Always thought provoking and at times entertaining and cathartic
Don’t let the haters get you down Code Switch Team! Best podcast out here and they have the discussions others refuse to touch.	Keep it 100!
They have amazing range and this show will challenge your intellect and emotions. It’s very wide eye opening.	Please listen
Code Switch - the podcast that talks about talking about race issues while saying nothing. You name the subject, Code Switch will make it about race - even dogs.	The podcast that talks about talking about race
"I’m so happy this show exists. Some of the episodes are really rewarding and shed light on perspectives that don’t get much airtime on traditional media outlets. I loved the stories about whiteness, the series following the school for black boys in DC, and the many segments about the immigrant experience. I don’t subscribe to the podcast anymore, however, because a few too many episodes were too upsetting. One that immediately comes to mind had a segment comparing sound advice regarding sharing expenses based on actual finances to a cynical take on restorative justice (in my opinion) where the white partner has to pay more as some sort of white tax. More upsetting, the episode on Civil War monuments presented a “he said/she said” narrative comparing an opinion based on the actual history of the Civil War to one steeped in the Lost Cause narrative — the latter being a widely discredited attempt at historical revisionism that occludes the true motivations of the war. Some of the statements the source said — that the Civil War was not about slavery but conflict between Northern English Americans versus Southern Scotch-Irish Americans — were just clearly untrue and I don’t understand how the producers didn’t catch that.

All that being said, I’m really happy Gene and Shereen are able to do this show and I still download episodes from time to time. Definitely worth giving a shot if you haven’t already checked it out."	A POC perspective on race in America
"The cadence of Gene Denby's voice is EXTREMELY difficult to listen to. I'd love to know if this bothers other listeners as well. I don't know where Gene picked this up at, but he pauses at odd moments within sentences, and then speeds up the rest of the words and says them reallyreallyreally fast ALLATONCE. Is this a ""broadcast voice"" thing? Is it a thing he does to sound more knowledgable? Younger? Cooler? Aaah, please stop! I can't even handle it when he guest-hosts on other NPR podcasts (Pop Culture Happy Hour, for one)."	Gene's Cadence is the Worst
"Just listened to the episode about dogs.  Lots of pro-pit bull propaganda, couched in criticism of white people.  

That’s all fine and good, I don’t really care about using white people as your punching bag, whatever - as long as it’s entertaining and informative, I’m into it.  But if a dog breed (sorry, dog “shape”) routinely kills and eats it’s owners - like Bethany Lynn, look it up - that seems like something you should mention in a discussion about pit bull stigma, no?

Also, if your dog doesn’t like black people, I’m going to throw out an alternative explanation - maybe it had some bad experiences with black people?  For some reason, this hypothesis was never even floated.  Wonder why..."	Okay, but factually biased
Hateful	Disturbing
Code switch tells stories that challenge and inspire!	Great show
Thought the analyses were poorly done, superficial, not insightful—very disappointing. Issues such as those touched on in episode deserved better.	Politics podcast pop up
Great podcast especially Gene.	Shout-out to Gene
Critically important reporting that helps shine a light on the dark places in American society that need power washing. The range of topics points to the omnipresence of oppression. Keep up the great work.	Doctoral seminar series on the toxicity of Whiteness
I appreciate the realness/casual-self exposed and  conversations that being had and then shared on air for others. Keep it up!	Keep it up!
Completely appreciate how open & honest (and genuine) this host is. Some of her self-disclosures surprise me but good for her for role-modeling (while she walks the walk).  Interesting & challenging. Thanks!	I listen to several & this one is one of the best
Loved the PR episode and the recent episodes on adoptees. New voices. New topics like genetic testing. Fresh perspective.	So good! Never oversimplified but really enjoyable
I jump w joy every time there is  new episode. Listen and get into it!!!	Best Podcast
I’m always impressed by thoughtful treatment of complex issues, the humor, and the intelligence that these two offer.  Because they bring on scholars and experts, I feel like I’m being informed, this is the true form of journalism.  Often when people talk about race they try so hard to be “neutral” that they end up being dishonest about the realities of race in this country.  I also love the “what’s bringing you life” music at the end of each episode, I’ve added several new artist to my list as a result of this show.	Gene & Shereen are amazing
A poignant, always new look at how race plays into daily life, in big ways and small. A must listen for the “woke” and not so woke especially! This white girl has learned a lot.	Love this!
It’s not good I’m only listening because I am being forced to don’t waste your time with it.	Trash
Gene Demby and Shareen Marisol Miraji do an excellent job of bring to the forefront current and past histories, both social and personal, that directly confront racism in the US and elsewhere. They create incredible dialog that is thought provoking, informative, and that make warm and break hearts. Beyond being entertaining, it's a great 25-35 minutes every week that expand my perspective on how the world operates for people of different backgrounds and how people have to navigate the world built around them, one in which the do not have input.	Top Five Podcast - Incisive and Insightful
How is it that this podcast has been out for two years and I am just discovering it?  I love podcasts, I have guest hosted on podcasts, and I’m the Director of Diversity for a global corporation but I just found “CodeSwitch”!!	CodeSwitch binge
Demby, Meraji, and the other reporters exhibit great rapport and witty conversations while teaching listeners a lot about important racial issues.	Code Switch
"Amazing journalism. Just listen. Perhaps start with the 4 part serious on Ron Brown college Prep. First episode is "" A year of love and struggle"""	Best journalism in the US today on cross culture
I don’t even really consider myself a “podcast person” but I LOVE CODE SWITCH. They present really nuanced and always fascinating topics in ways that are easy to understand, providing context when necessary, and acknowledging the complexity of the issues at hand. Because of Code Switch, I feel like I understand my own country better.	Informative, accessible, interesting
Love Code Switch....thank you guys for all your hard work! (:	Great podcast
Such a good show.	Great show!
This podcast has helped me become a better cultural citizen	Insightful
Very well done - high quality production, high quality investigative journalism, high quality storytelling. Every episode has made me think about the world a little differently. As a white parent of a child of color, this podcast is especially valuable to me as a way of helping me understand the ways in which my experience of the world is different than my child’s experience. Thank you, Code Switch Team.	Thought-provoking and well done
Ever-closer to helping us be less superficial.  Myth-busting for the socio-linguistic realm.	Love the examination
"I was actually turned into a prison abolitionist, thanks to this podcast!

Or, at least hold these opinions now, and actively participate in prison solidarity work.

One topic I’d like to hear expanded upon is the idea of racial justice.

To hear y’all explore the writings, teachings, and political activism of important PoC like Angela Davis, Caesar Chavez, Frants Fannon, or Malcolm X (or even important, more radical figures like Thomas Sankara or Emiliano Zapata), and frame those works/actions into how we achieve not just racial equality, but true liberation from colonial and capitalist exploitation of all working class people of color.

Even a brief introduction from a political activist/organizer currently working, would be incredible to hear from y’all!

Peace, love, and solidarity compañerx’s!"	Black and Brown Liberation?
I've started to binge listen back through episodes even if the title doesn't seem interesting to me at first, I've found that episode will be regardless. I love the different angles and intense level of research they have put into this podcast. You're doing great work and my brain is happily stimulated.	Interesting, intellectually stimulating & needed
I find this podcast interesting, however I’d like to see more discussion of how different minorities live with each other successfully.	Interesting
I am a news/podcast/learning junky. I’ve been listening to Code Switch since its first episode. I routinely learn new things, maybe about something I already knew, but from a different perspective that enriches my understanding. There is something amazing about how they talk about race, ethnicity, culture, etc., that creates connection.	Connecting through difference
keep the good fight and the good work friends	amazing
"This is one of my core podcasts that I wait for every week. The nuance and the honesty and the sound of people of color talking about their experiences and real things that effect people is quite refreshing. This podcast tells people’s stories and gives them context and voices and legitimacy in a world that is content to stay deaf to them. 

Thank you Code Switch, and if you’ve never listened, I’d at least give it a try."	Try it and you see why I love it
My only complaint is that the episodes don’t drop more often. Really great podcast where in-depth analysis from thoughtful people is the norm. Keep up the great work!	Insightful, thoughtful, funny, heart-wrenching
I'm a huge fan of the topics covered, the guests/experts, and most of all, the hosts, Gene and Shereen. I am so grateful for this podcast!	Love this podcast
I LOVE Code Switch!! As a Japanese-American from a rural town in Northern California, I did not begin having these discussions until I went to college two years ago. This podcast has enhanced my journey into learning about and discussing topics in identity and race. I can’t get enough of this team and the work they do. YOU ROCK!	Incredible discussions at the touch of a button
Every week I learn about the experiences of folks who are not like me: that is very important to me and shapes how I move through the world. While there have been a few lackluster episodes, those are not the usual. I’ll keep listening as long as y’all keep putting them up! Thank you.	Regular listener
I LOVE this podcast. It’s always relevant and interesting and the hosts are great. NPR has the best podcasts.	So relevant and interesting!
Great rapport between the hosts and fascinating guests!	Love this team!
HIGHLY recommend for everyone.	Perspective shift
...and it keeps getting better.	My Favorite Podcast
This show makes me so happy. Just by listening I feel heard. Seen. Represented. Y'all are my people! Thank you!!	nprnerd4life
As a white person, this podcast is so important to understanding the challenges minorities face, and I believe this understanding makes me much more empathetic to anyone’s hidden struggles. Thank you for this show, it’s one EVERYONE should hear at least once.	Important for all !!
"I've been listening to this podcast since it's inception and have learned a great deal. The show teaches details and true feelings of individuals who are usually not represented in mainstream society. But sometimes I feel like there's a hidden agenda and even a level of unprofessional bias. For example, the episode ""Members of whose tribe?"" took the very strong opinion of one person and used that to express a false and biased reality for all Jews.  This was unprofessional journalism in my opinion and it was hurtful."	Thought provoking but often disappointing
The voice are fun. The songs giving me life are awesome and the diversity in each show is godsend. I feel seen by listening to Sharem and Gene.	I love the two hosts
This is a PRIME example of the problems we have in this great country.  Totally the wrong discussion.  If you want to look backwards, rather than forward...this is the podcast for you	The problem in this country
UV-A affects all. (A for aging) UV-B affects the pale more. (B for burn) UV-C is for astronauts. Wear sunscreen! Viva la Raza.	Sunscreen Science:
I really enjoy and learn from listening to your podcast. As an estitichian  and concerned environmentalist I approve of recommending sunscreen. But not all sunscreens are alike. Please recommend sunscreens that are ecologically friendly and toxic free.This is really important for the health of our coral reefs and Sun screens that could be potentially be toxic to human  skin.	Summer Vacatiin
I find this show to be a very eye-opening, and at times very moving, take on race. Gene and Shereen are great hosts and help to make the information presented accessible and relatable. The whole team is great, really. There is not a weak link amongst them.	Intelligent & informative take on race
I’m a professional white woman and I care a great deal about the people who make up this country—all the people. It hasn’t always been easy to find, to hear, and to understand the perspectives of folks from other places in the country, especially because I’m not living in a major urban area; but this podcast helps bridge the divide for me. I can’t help but hope that our collective futures are gonna be better because podcasts like this one make it easier to learn and to think about tough issues confronting us all. Stay woke!	Great perspective-providing show
I’m so passionate about these topics. Especially being black raised by white parents. I have predominately white friends/coworkers but I feel very different being black. I believe the world perceives me differently then the ones around me. This podcast has helped me see that the issues I think about are not just my own personal observations but true and legit situations. I don’t often feel as if I can speak freely about my opinions. This podcast offers affirmation and allows me to rant and stand on my soapbox in my car while I’m listening!!	Love these topics
I love this podcast. Theyre so well informed, present multiple sides and different ethnic views. Sometimes im sad episodes are so short, but always very informative. I dont always have time to read so listening in the car is my go-to!	Amazing
I’m listening to this and crying. I am not an immigrant. I am not black. I am descended from the original culture of Northern New Mexico but I was raised in the east and have almost no connections to my culture. This episode is giving me life!	Conquistadors and Pueblos
"I have tries to listen to the episode  “Of Bloodlines and Conquistadors”, and I was appalled at the racial insensitive and condescension of the two women who were chosen to narrate. Neither of them were respectful of the religious beliefs and traditions of the people interviewed.  They laughed, expressed disbelief in certain aspects of the Fiesta de Santa Fe, and didn’t even try to pronounce some of the words correctly.  This episode was not and is not worthy of your show and is a huge insult to the native peoples and to the Hispano of northern New Mexico.
For your information, I am an Angle resident of New Mexico for nearly 25 years, and your correspondents should have been more sensitive and respectful.  You should be ashamed!

Nancy Laird
Rio Rancho, New Mexico"	This episode is racially insensitive and condescending!
My only criticism of Code Switch is it’s TOO SHORT! I could listen to y’all forever and am constantly waiting for the next Tuesday episode to come out. Thanks for the insightful discussions that delve deep into challenging issues of race and society, but still leave room for humor and joy. Everyone should listen to this show!	My favorite podcast
"I love this podcast!  A MUST listen to on a weekly basis.  The podcast touches upon a variety of topics and issues brings ALL the voices to the table!  
Please keep up the amazing work!"	Weekly CodeSwitch Fix
This most recent episode is an awesome conversation about parenting! I feel like I need to send this to every parent I know, and to shout from the rooftops that these tough conversations can be had in a respectful and curious manner! Well done, Code Switch. Keep on being awesome.	Insightful and much needed discussions
I can’t explain how happy I was when I found this podcast. It’s been a great oasis to retreat to and dwell more diverse American experiences, an experiences more like my own. I do have one hang up. The topics and guests seem to focus on the same general minority groups. I know the hosts’ personal stories and current events will in inevitably influence the stories, but can we mix up a bit? I’m sure there are stories from other less know minority groups that deserve the light. I may be biased, I’m Afro-Caribbean from a non-Latin country, but I thought Code Switch was about race and identity in general. It would be nice to hear about a wider range of indigenous, immigrant and diaspora experiences, and even more nuanced representation of the Black American experience. Otherwise keep up the great work!	Mix it up
And look forward para cada podcast that helps me learn how fellow communities are doing and how mine has been shaped: peep those episodios de “Hispanos”	I feel seen
I love this show. They aren't afraid to tackle the hard questions. Keep up the great work!	Love Code Switch
"As a 50-something white man, I am so impressed with this show. Their thoughtful, honest and compassionate look at race and ethnicity is inspiring. 

Shows like this will save America. Thanks!"	Superb
Easily one of the most important podcasts in today's era, telling important stories from a wide range of marginalized people. This is my favorite podcast.	One of the most important podcasts today
I’ve learned so much from listening to this podcast from all kinds of subjects. Gene and Shereen gave me the words to describe uncomfortable circumstances and I love how real the conversations can get. I genuinely appreciate the content and G&S’s style	POC friends when I need validation
"And you, the geniuses behind it. Thank you for keeping me aware of my own isms and biases. I’m constantly surprised and delighted and often enraged...but in a good way! ✌️ Thank you for all you do. Xx

#ImpeachDrumpfNow✊"	I love this podcast
Code Switch is something I refer to often in conversation these days. I have learned so much from listening. It is well researched, engaging, and they have great guests. I especially loved the episodes about the high school.	Informative, thoughtful, and awesome.
Just listened to the podcast episode about Judaism- Excellent show, as always!	Excellent podcast
I love this podcast	Great
Lots of information, presented on a informational educative manner without being preachy or snobby. Hosts are entertaining, and offer a good depth into the various topics.	Great!
Voices and stories that need to be heard, contemplated, and considered by ALL Americans, whether similarly identifying or not. Great insight into our sociocultural contexts today and historically. Appreciative of the episodes that showed me other Americans share my experience and struggles, and extremely grateful for the educational opportunities to learn about the experiences of other Americans and to better understand their struggles.	Thank you, Code Switch
This is the podcast I always list first after people ask what I think the best ones are.  It has amazing coverage, covers an immense variety of topics and consistently features wonderful reporting.  The show offers so many in-depth insights, and it takes the time to thoroughly explore their topic.	Favorite
I love the pieces you all create. The R-word episode was perfect. Thank you for defining and separating the attempt to separate the character from the action.	Thanks for R-word
I love the unique stories and perspectives! It can become so relatable and yet teach me new things. The Jones Act episode made my heart melt. 🇵🇷	Interesting and thoughtful
One of the best podcasts out here. Very intersectional lens, which is important. I love that each episode is about 30 mins. A+	Intersectional
Weekly favorite, that never lets me down and continues to provide great content of this multifaceted and city	Week podcast favorite
I’d caught a few stories on NPR, but as I was marathon training this year I ran so many miles to this podcast. Thank you for keeping me thinking through all those miles.	Code Switch Gives Me Miles
I really appreciate the insights these folks bring to sensitive issues.	Good!
I’ve been meaning to listen and finally heard three episodes in one go. This is highest quality - the stories behind stories, going deeper, getting personal. This podcast is a necessity as I try to educate myself in the hidden realities all around me.	Brilliant
The queue shows that I’m “All Caught Up” so I keep overlooking your show, it turns out I haven’t listened to even one of your episodes....	SEQUENTIAL ORDER
This is a podcast everyone should listen to. It's enlightening and informative in a way where it exposes different cultural and racial differences that needs to be explored. Love Shereen and Gene!!!!	One of the best podcasts out!!
"Code Switch is a valuable voice in the current era, approaching topics that I’ve never carefully considered, as a white woman. I’m so appreciative of Gene and Shireen for each episode for opening my eyes, and for the looks into a variety of lives often ignored. The first episode on Whiteness should be required listening, and the episodes around Philando Castile are essential to understanding the state of race in the US. 
Thanks to Code Switch I’ve started listening to other podcasts as they’ve been recommended along the way."	This podcast got me into listening to podcasts
I have been lsitening to Code Switch for about 2 years, great journalism and fun episodes and topics. I have even gotten a few new fav songs from the podcast (in their what are you listening to section). I love their voices and find myself sharing episodes with my classmates. Very important podcast for the culture THANK YOU GUYS	THE BEST
This is a wonderful podcast, with a wide range of topics and compelling stories. I appreciate very much the varied perspectives of the hosts and their colleagues.	Code Switch
Fan since the beginning. Doing great work. Just heard the story of Miriam and her family. Well done. Thank you.	Great pod with all the feels and good info too
"I love this podcast for its ability to be informative on topics/specific subject matter that is often overlooked by our pop culture. It's relevant, insightful, and extremely well researched. Such amazing production; the entire team clearly puts a ton of work into every episode, from the initial concept down to the editing. My mindsets have so often been challenged in the questions they bring up and the dialogue is succinct but incredibly in depth. I cannot emphasize enough how grateful I am for how this show has opened my mind-I start way too many sentences with, ""I was listening to this podcast the other day..."" followed by what I've been processing from Codeswitch. Keep up the fantastic work!"	Favorite Podcast
Code Switch is essential listening for anyone seeking to understand and navigate the complex issues of race that we all — ragardless of race or ethncity — encounter daily. It's thoughtful, smart, accessible, never preachy. It's helped provide clarity when I'm grappling with something, and insight into how behaviors, actions, and culture affect others.	Making Sense of a Challenging World
I’ve been recommending this podcast to everyone. “Throw some respeck on my name” is a great starting point if you’re new to the show.	Highly, highly recommended
This podcast is essential listening. It is informative, searing, uplifting, thoughtful. The stories bring to life the nature of race in our country, reinterpreting history by decentering whiteness. Love it.	Necessary
"Current, relevant, insightful.
Masterfully done. 
I thoroughly enjoy Code Switch."	A must listen
I love the topics covered in this podcast. Also, the perspectives are refreshing and encouraging. Thanks code switch team for all your hard work on producing an awesome podcast!!	My favorite Podcast!
This podcast is amazing and should be required for all white people. Would heal our nation. 🙁	Mandatory
A splendid podcast telling stories not told enough. Often find that way into a story that truly makes it accessible. For some, poscast is an affirmation - for others provides new insights. A lot of value added for each.	Code Switch
Thanks to all the Code Switch team for giving me a weekly story that I already know it is going to be so good, journalistically accurate and cultural immensely relevant. Love ya	I love to Code Switch
Stay exactly the way you are I get plenty of CONservative voices on every other media I listen to. I add emphasis on the “con” because the current voices and leaders that are CONservative are con artists, they preach nothing of their original values and I’d rather not hear that on this podcast. Don’t change a thing.	No, don’t change a thing.
"The only problem I have is... I want more episodes! 
Thoughtful, compassionate, current. 
So well done ❤️"	Love
Love Gene, love Kat, love the podcast.	Excellent
I look forward to hearing your podcast because I learn new perspectives and it gets me thinking. Thank you!	Great!!
You all never let down. The episodes are always so thoughtful and thought provoking; really substantive and informative. It’s like my university ethnic studies class mixed with politics and current issues. Thank you all!	Such a good podcast
SCLC was the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, not convention	Good show but correction...
This is a tremendous show for anyone interested in social commentary and social justice.  Gene and Shereen are both excellent correspondents.  I love hearing the scholars and experts that they have on the show.  And they are very responsive to their listeners.  Plus, they have fun so we do too!	Truly informative
They’re commentary is amazing and each episode discusses another important topic. I have learned so much about topics that concern people of backgrounds other than my own and how our struggles in this country do not exist in a vacuum.	Fantastic
"This podcast is an amazing way for ALL people who are interested in learning about perspectives and social causes that they may not feel comfortable or informed enough to seek conversations themselves. As a POC this podcast is SO validating. And hearing from my friends (esp. friends who are white) they feel engaged in the conversation without ""taking up space"". THANK YOU!"	Accessible
Thanks to the Code Switch team for going “there” and tackling tough conversations!! And keeping it 100!	The tough conversations!
I’m an American born Chinese woman living and working in suburban CT. This podcast helps me feel connected to my “other-ness” in a tangible way, a way that I value and carry with me daily. Thank you CodeSwitch for bringing the topics you discuss to light	I’d love an episode every day
Awesome seeing a diverse news podcast 💯🤔	Yes 👍🏾
I love making space in my week for Shereen, Gene, and the CodeSwitch Team.  Hope they have a live show in DC soon.	Thanks for all that you do
This was the first podcast that really grabbed me and made me want to be late to work. I appreciate that the episodes are around 30 minutes- perfect for my commute or getting ready in the mornings. I love the way social issues are discussed, in such a way that I have been examining my own biases as well as institutionalized racism. I always look forward to new episodes!	Code Switched
If Gene and Marisol decided to post daily, I'd be right there with them.  So happy to hear intelligent and emotional deconstruction, introspection and reconstruction of the hard stuff.  Stay courageous!	More, more, more
So thankful for this podcast and the issues it addresses. Gives me hope in the midst of crazy times.	On point, informative, challenging
I may be too late for this review but as a 50 something white woman who lives in the south I listen because I believe I am never too old to learn and grow. I refuse to let my location or age or skin color define me. I want to be as aware and “woke” ( I hesitate describing myself that way. Seems more authentic if it came from a POC that knows me) as I can possibly be. Code Switch helps me see issues from the perspectives of those in which they most matter. Thank you for teaching me something every time I listen.	Why  I listen to code switch
Code Switch has some of the best commentary and reporting out there when it comes to the intersection of identity, politics, culture, and attitudes. This is what’s needed right now.	Smart and Thoughtful Commentary
“I am a story.” It’s what we all are and it’s time to stop, ask and listen. Love this podcast so much. I am learning, leaning into the discomfort of having been complicit in oppression, and striving to become part of the solution.	“I am a story.”
"So often melanin-deficient folx like me are told ""Hey, sit down and just listen!"" This is a fantastic place to sit down, just listen, and learn about the experiences of PoC in our culture. Five stars for quality of reporting, five stars for the thoughtfulness of the commentary - NPR is diverse, and they chose the best of the best for this. It's not the place to stop learning, but it is a must-listen."	A very important contribution
"Codeswitch team,

I’m not sure I would never claim to be woke as a state of being but after listening to the “R-word in the age of Trump” episode I’m a little less sleepy now. Hearing racism discussed in terms of harm versus character, defining where terms like bigotry and stereotype exist in relation to each other, and how racial language creates tough questions in this age of journalism was really...intense? Powerful? I can’t find the right word to encompass the fact that I kept rewinding this episode over and over to hear it again. I feel better equipped to understand, discuss, and identify racism and racial animus than I was yesterday in a way that fundamentally changes the conversation for me. I admit that it had never occurred to me that using racism as a descriptor of a perpetrators character without discussing the context of harm was itself racist. I am truly happy to have been exposed to this and the codeswitch team has a listener fr life after today. Thank you for the work that you do here.

-Dylan"	Important
Gripping and thoughtful discussions and reporting with great hosts in Gene Denby and Shereen Marisol Maraji, who bring warmth, wit, incisive analysis, and a necessary sense of urgency to every episode. I was particularly grateful for the recent episode “The R-word in the age of Trump,” and how critically it engaged with journalism in general and NPR in particular.	A+
"Codeswitch is excellent and balanced journalism on issues of race and ethnicity in our culture. I love that they share opposing views to help bring broader perspective to issues that are highly relevant to our current culture.

PS, please do a podcast on the treatment of Puerto Rico historically and today."	Best Podcast on Race/Ethnicity/Culture
Love Gene and Shereen's radio chemistry - always feels like I'm listening to two friends being honest and transparent with each other (even though I'm sure they have a lot more they'd like to say about certain topics that are not fit for NPR!). I especially enjoyed the multi-episode series about Ron Brown High, and hope that Code Switch can do something like that again to really dig into their stories. Never have come across a Code Switch episode I didn't like.	Always fascinating
Finally something on NPR that isn’t so WHITE or washed down. (No disrespect Terry Gross✊🏾) NPR 2018 Do better. Let me hear from the Native Americans, Asian, Mexicans.Not just dominated by stories of white people	5⭐️’S +
I love this podcast! The topics and guests are relevant and interesting and the conversation is honest, nuanced and fresh. I wish these voices and views were heard more often in the media. I wish they were dropping episodes more often. Can’t get enough!	Deep, serious, funny, real
I learn so much from each episode. The reporting and storytelling are top-notch, and I can tell that the hosts are deeply passionate about the issues raised in each episode. Thank you for your work in bringing these stories to the world.	Every episode is worth your time
Episode 1 of this podcast -- on whiteness -- changed my life when I heard it my junior year of high school. I LOVE GENE and all the other contributors. I'd love a follow-up episode on whiteness since the first one was so good. Keep up the good work. As a college sophomore, I constantly reccomend this podcast to friends, professors, and family.	Been listening since episode 1
Smart insightful journalism and cultural and political commentary on race	Smart and insightful
I love this podcast. It’s insightful, informative, and makes complex topics rather fun. Gene and Shereen make me feel like I’m back in college, just having a conversation with my old friends between classes.	Insightful, Informative, Fun
You guys are fabulous!!!! You manage to be both fierce and compassionate on what, for many, are such sensitive subjects. I look forward to every episode.	Amazing
5/5 podcast. Only critique is that once a week isn’t enough! It would be great if you could do a mailbag/Twitter show once a week where you just answer questions from listeners and give takes on current events.	Stay Woke
I dream of my (sociology) students growing up to sit around talking over coffee and their own brilliance, moving all kinds of discussions forward, upward, and down deep deep deep just like this. Tuesdays are my favorite day now, because while I cook dinner, I can think with Gene Demby and Shereen Marisol Meraji and their guests. I don't know how I would have made it through the last year without the Code Switch podcast.	Like the best class ever
"Love the conversations, love the thoughtful questions, and love the subjects that y’all talk about!! Highly recommended!

Only criticism is that it’s not longer or out more of then!!!"	Can’t get enough of this show
Tackles important and at times heartbreaking topics with depth, sincerity, and candor. I always learn something new and occassionally tear up.	Incredible reporting
I am a big fan. With both information sourcing and news selection criteria getting more difficult every day, this program reliably eases my anxiety by providing thorough reporting. Conveniently (for their proverbial reader), they seem to naturally be predisposed to considering their stories responsibly. Make no mistake, they are giving voice those who have no voice, but not without scrutinizing it as well.	Advocacy versus Bias
Thank you for this show. Every episode opens my eyes to something I have never considered fully, and I am grateful for that. Well produced, easy to listen to, and you will learn something listening to this incredible podcast. Thank you! ~ Erin Whitehead, Host of the Braless Podcast	Such a great podcast
"Thank you.  Thank you for your dedication.  Thank you for your patience.  Thank you for the times you’ve allowed us to see you losing your patience. Thank you for connecting me to the humanity I’ve been blind to.
I have much more hope for the world my girls will share with Soleil because of the time I’ve spent with the code switch team.
Thank you."	Thank you.
As an older, white American, one who believed he was aware of America’s racism problem, Code Switch has shown me I had no idea of what it really means to be black. Some episodes are funny, some not so much, but all are entertainingly informative. I especially recommend the episode “This Racism Is Killing Me Inside.” We all, but especially white Americans, need to become aware of, awakened to the reality of the continuing racism in our culture and in our country, and the devastating and corrosive effect it has had and is still having on black Americans and on us all as Americans. Please listen.	Code Switch is a MUST Hear
Code Switch has it all: charismatic hosts, thoughtful research, superb editing and storytelling, and surprising angles on important topics. Code Switch is my model when I write podcasts and articles. The weed boom article, the article about Mary Hamilton, the school of kings series - each episode raises the bar for other podcasts. NPR, I think you should invest whatever resources are necessary in this team so they can produce episodes every day.	I want this podcast every day
This show is truly a public service.	Yes
I love the in-depth conversations about race and equity!	Code Switch
Always look forward to having their episodes pop up on Tuesdays.	💡💡
Always insightful, always thoughtful and usually pretty funny when needed. I appreciate the perspective the code switch team brings to a range of issues - whether I agree fully or not. Never ever boring.	Care about America? Then listen to this podcast
I love the way this show has incorporates news items and the social impact of these new motions. If more people saw how the bills and laws that are being passed actually effect our daily lives we might actually see progress. The stories are brief but in-depth and I love hearing the hosts personal take, though they still allow space for other opinions.	Hope through the continued diminishing of humanity
Sometimes I find it hard to listen to Codeswitch because it’s real journalism, real peoples lives, real struggle. I let my queue fill up with fresh episodes until I have the heart (until I feel brave enough) to dive in, and I’m glad when I do. Codeswitch is the media I wish I had access to growing up, instead of the polarized general tv news media and angry, liberal radio. I’m grateful to have access to it now. Sometimes, when I’m not even listening to it I hear, in my head, the hosts signing off: “peace, be easy.”	Vital and Heart-full
Re-experiencing my childhood AND adulthood with these entertaining and thoughtful reporters from a perspective that was not carried by the Networks. Change the world, never stop learning. Great show.	Love the lens
I've just finished listening to every episode of Code Switch, and it consistently confronts me- a white, upper-middle class, Republican-raised woman- with questions that make me uncomfortable.  I have twinty-nine years worth of historical and cultural catching up to do and Code Switch not only introduces those ideas to me, but is unapologetic about the fact that they are not necessarily for or about me, and the culture I grew up in cannot be considered the norm.  That's difficult for me, and I value Code Switch deeply for it.  You have a listener for life.	It's good to be uncomfortable
I enjoy all the topics they speak on, not just mainstream issues and topics from social media, but problems and issues that I can personally relate to. Thank you for having an intelligent program that’s also entertaining and relatable!	NPR for me
I learn so much from this podcast each week! I especially enjoy the Ask Code Switch episodes.	Obsessed
Every one has been good. Subscribe today and you won't regret it. I learn several somethings every show.	Wonderful and always insightful conversations. They give me life.
Refreshing, professional, thought-provoking, honest, and kind. It doesn’t get better than this.	This Is A Great Podcast
I love this podcast.  It really brings race into perspective.  I think it should be a must hear.   If our politicians listened to this and not fox the world would be a better place.	Wonderful
Code Switch is fresh, funny, intersectional and a balm to my soul.	Listen early and often
Useful perspective from well informed, personable hosts.	Great show
Code Switch is the podcast in my list that I listen to every single week. I never miss an episode. I learn, am challenged, think more deeply, am inspired, cry and laugh, and become a better member of the human community.	Never miss an episode
I teach racial and ethnic diversity and assign episodes from this podcast in my class. Excellent and approachable discussions of various aspects of race/ethnicity!	Important Discussions about Race
There’s a wealth of insight about the many and diverse facets of all cultures and people that are explored on this show. Lots of truth being revealed here!	Worth listening to every episode
Empathetic and educational, pertinent and prescient.	Favorite Podcast of 2017
As a person of Mixed-Race, I’m constantly feeling like I need to overly represent for all of my ethnic backgrounds. I feel alone In this quite often. So discovering Code Switch, I feel less alone. Hearing stories of other People of Color or Mixed-Race hears gives me a place in the world. I love how Gene and Shereen approach stories with an empathetic and participatory voice. It just makes me so happy that this podcast exists. And if you haven’t heard the year of love and struggle in a new high school episodes, then please go listen, they were great.	Gives me life
Great podcast, I always look forward to new episodes. Very informative and insightful!!!	One of my favorite podcast!!!
Code Switch is a wonderful show, providing smart, subtle, nuanced analyses of issues surrounding race and identity. Always rich, nutritious food for thought.	My favorite show
Great discussion and analysis of race, history, and culture from super intelligent people with very important perspectives. Such perspectives from such voices are what America needs in order to find greatness.	Important and insightful
This is one of my favorite podcasts. So much of our air space is taken up with dominant views & this podcast helps to change that!	A favorite
Love love love	Love
Very inspiring podcast episode!	Mary Hamilton
Brilliant reporting with heart. I use this as professional development with teachers. I love the hosts, their voices and their willingness to share themselves with listeners.	Going to school
This podcast is fantastic. I appreciate it so much. Thank you for providing this conversation.	Wonderful
This is the most profound statement of the three episodes.	We cannot agree on what education means
Code Switch gives me just a tiny glimpse into the lives of so many people who have experiences different than myself — and I appreciate that so much. I want to give special props for the series on Ron Brown High School...I cant stop thinking about it!	Great dose of perspective
In-depth, thoughtful commentary on a wide range of stories	Important stories
I️ love the reporting, the honesty and the stories told to me so that I️ get it!	Love it! Love it!
Thanks for collaborating to create these excellent discussions! I love many of the show topics, but my current favorite is the coverage of Ron Brown in Washington D.C. This show has a great approach where many minds from different backgrounds come together to contribute insight to really important current events. Please keep making the magic.	Great, relevant discussions!
Gene Demby, Shereen Marisol Miraji, Kat Chow, and company are always on point, always on fire. Code Switch examines themes on race, ethnicity, and culture and the ways they impact our lives and communities. It's a must-listen.	A must-listen
I absolutely love this podcast. Literally every time an episode ends I think “already??” I want it to be twice as long! I feel like I’m hanging out with warm, funny, incisive, friends. The main hosts gene and shirin are incredibly engaging and intelligent. Their reporting manages to be focused and far-reaching. The explanatory comma episode (I know, sounds boring) has stuck with me and I think about it regularly. It was mind blowing. I learn something from this show regularly, but it doesn’t feel in any way “educational” or “explanatory”. I can’t recommend this show more highly.	SO GOOD
Great dives into topics related to race that many other news outlets and podcasts miss. The hosts are engaging and tell a variety of great stories.	Should be mandatory listening
So many great discussions- Code Switch finds the best people to talk to. Everybody needs this in their life!	💙
This Podcast is amazing and so relevant. Great episodes focused on current events that breakdown the issue in a compelling and engaging way.	The Podcast We Need
I have been listening to this podcast since it began and I love it. It is always interesting, informative, thoughtful, and enjoyable. Thanks! Please keep up the great work.	Outstanding
I just got done listening to the 3-part series on the D.C. school, Ron Brown College Prep High School. The series impacted me so much, I actually shed some tears. The quality of the reporting and all-sides immersion of the day-to-day work and challenges in the school really shed light on how difficult it is to bring about change within institutions, especially schools—	
