title	review
Marie & The Deceptive Self Serving Narcissist 6/6/2022	"I’m reaching out to Marie as my heart broke listening to her story. 🫶 Marie I understand every word you spoke, even the silent sentences you were unable to speak. I heard you.  I lived through the same nightmare. 
I’m sending love and hugs to you and thank you so much for sharing your story. 
Corinne Qld Australia.   💗"
So validating	Thanks so much for your podcast. It is healing and validating listening to peoples stories. It has given me strength to move on from a toxic relationship. Thank you ❤️❤️❤️
Important work	"Thank you for producing this important volume of work. 
These personal stories and informative episodes are highly valuable. 
Your efforts are helping survivors and appreciated."
Ads	I’ve loved  this podcast for a long time. I’m not entirely happy with the poor choice of irrelevant ads. This has taken away from the survivor stories and has lessened the quality of the podcast. Some podcasters choose their ads and make them relevant with a personal tone. I’ve stopped listening to this podcast.
Excellent and real	"Listening to the podcast from
The Australian Capital Territory. Fabulous podcast with Sophia, I love the host sharing his family story.  Filled with insight and wisdom, making me feel less alone amongst a family of narcissists. Thank you.  X"
Excellent on every level	Brandon provides a marvellous platform on this essential topic. Thank you to the guests for their integrity and courage. It is validating and 100% healing.
Great podcast but be wary of some stories	Listening to the story told by Meredith. It feels like a fabrication. Other than this, I am so thankful you are creating a platform for survivors to share their stories and designing community-based support systems :)
Validating!	This podcast is informative, relatable and validating for those who have been in these relationships. Sometimes after an abusive relationship ends you have been so heavily gaslit and traumatised that you still question whether you made the right decision in leaving them and wonder if you should go back to them. Hearing these people’s experiences makes me feel less alone and also continues to educate me. Everyone who comes on this show is really brave and chad has done a fantastic job at creating a safe space for these victims to tell their story.
Fantastic podcast!	This podcast is super helpful in allowing survivors come to grips with what happened to them, whilst informing people what the red flags look like and how to watch out for them.   You don’t have to have been in a toxic relationship to appreciate this podcast; for those who who have crossed paths with a narcissist, it goes a long way to explain bizarre behaviour you may have encountered and why it’s pointless to try and explain why you don’t want to have anything to do with them any more; it’s better to just go no-contact. To say that people enjoy being stuck in a toxic relationship is victim-blaming and not at all helpful.  Keep up the great work Brandon, maybe we’ll get to a point in the future where it’s studied in schools and young people are far less likely to end up in these situations from being better educated.
A lightbulb has turned on	"Listening to these stories has been like a revelation to me. Has started to bring up little memories that appeared to be so minute at the time but still caused that little pang, or seed of doubt, now I can see them for what they were - red flags. 
This podcast is brilliant. Highly recommend to anyone who is in any type of relationship where something is just not quite right."
Unbelievable	I can’t believe that people will put up with such bad behaviour. I think a lot of these people enjoy being victims. I have had a narcissistic/sociopath/bi polar father and was able to put distance between us. This podcast is super annoying as everyone blames everyone else except themselves.
Lamely lame in a lame way	Not funny, not interesting. These people are not narcissist survivors. They'd all narcissist themselves.
Informative and Helpful	"I’m hooked. Love Chad. He has what it takes to be a top notch podcaster. He is educated, empathetic and shares his own experiences. 
The stories have helped me immensely and for that I’m grateful ♥️"
So important	This podcast has helped me more than therapy!
thank you	i found your videos on tik tok, i have to say i really enjoy what you have to say. you’ve definitely opened my eyes on a lot i wasn’t aware of. thank you, i’ve learned a lot about my self, my environment and the things i have control over.
Just Wow	I came across your TikTok and the stuff you were talking about I was just shocked because it’s everything that I’m currently going through being in a relationship with someone who is a narcissist. Dealing with hours and days of constant arguing no accountability infidelity and every single time it somehow is my fault. I somehow am pushing him to be a physical abuser and so on. This show is such a great show and I wish I would’ve found this five years ago because I would’ve seen all the signs and noticed things and moved on as to now he has such a hold on me and has me in this box I literally have to build from the ground up as I don’t have a whole lot of support before I can move on
Best podcast on narcissism	"This is THE best frickin podcast out there in terms of understanding and beginning to recover from narcissistic abuse. Like it deserves some kind of award The survivor stories are incredible. The host asks all the right questions at exactly the right time and his understanding of narcissistic behaviour is spot on. This podcast is like going to therapy.

I’ve been struggling after 7 years with my narcissist and now 3 years of post-separation abuse due to co-parenting with him and it’s so empowering to hear that other people have been through eerily similar situations. Like narcissists have a playbook, it’s not you it’s definitely them! My sense of reality was shattered from years of gaslighting, mental abuse, invalidation, circular arguments, projection, etc. It’s so healing to listen to these other stories and remind myself that I’m not crazy, I really have been abused and there’s light at the end of the tunnel. I found this podcast after doing weeks of research into resources to learn more about narcissism and of all the podcasts I listened to - this is the best one I’ve found. The idea of telling my own story on this podcast when I’m ready gives me something to look forward to as I slog through the muck of trauma informed therapy and trying to heal ❤️ 

To everyone who shares their stories on here and to the creators - THANK YOU SO MUCH! You rock."
The best	This is the best podcast on Narcissism that I have ever come across. He provides a variety of different stories that help you if you had a narcissistic parent, or are leaving a toxic relationship, have left one or are still in one. I turn to this podcast frequently to give myself hope and strength. When I feel like I am going crazy I find myself always turning to this podcast
Life changing	"This is truly an amazing podcast with a fantastic host.
The episode with Penelope felt like she was retelling my own story. It’s so helpful to hear others accounts of these abusers and realize you are less alone that you thought."
Life Saver	If it wasn’t for this Podcast, I would absolutely think I am crazy. This keeps me sane. Married to extreme (if that’s possible) narc for over 10 years, I would still believe it’s me if I didn’t learn what I know from this Podcast. Thank you Brandon.
Helping me Survive	"I am loving these podcasts from Chad and his lovely guests. They truly help with every listen .
Keep up the awesome work.
It’s reassuring to know we aren’t alone 🌟"
Real stories, told by amazing survivors 💕	Thank you to the people sharing their stories and to Chad for creating this platform ♥️
THANK YOU!	So glad I stumbled onto this podcast. I’ve only listened to 2 stories so far and they both resonate so much with me. It helps me to hear that other women had stayed with their narcs for so long as well. The #1 question I get is “WHY did you stay with him for so long?” Glad I’m not alone in this. ❤️
Narcissistic apocalypse	Lovelovove. Love hearing other peoples stories so I know myself or my kids are not alone. It was real. It is validating. Chad is heatwarming and kind to peoples experiences.
Relatable audio food for the recovering soul	This podcast may just be the thing that’s gotten me through my abuse recovery. I’ve heard others before: the “top 10 ways to heal from a narcissist” lists, the recommended advice and promises for healing from experts, and the information on narcissism in general. These all have their place but nothing beats peer support and sharing and this podcast offers the best of that. Having shared my story myself on the podcast, I can tell you that everything here is genuine and Chad is an authentic spirit in this world. Nothing behind the curtain here - it’s refreshing af!
Empowering to hear survivor stories	I love listening to the whole story of relationships to better understand what state people are often in when they get pulled in (eg often highly competent and at the top of their game) all the way to how they got out and deal with the aftermath. The host is a great interviewer, helps maps typical narcissitic abuse patterns into the stories without overbearing the guests. Also great add ons with webpage, Facebook community, and opportunity to record and share your own letter to an abuser. A great tool set apart from all the more self-help resources out there from lawyers and psychologists. This is friendly and survivor-grounded
Got me through	Thank you.
Life saver	Literally a life saver! Cannot express how much this helps me understand my current situation. How it makes me feel less lonely and more connected to others going through similar stuff!
Got Me Through Some Tough Times	This show saved me during some dark days. It made me feel validated and seen. I can't say enough about how much I've learned through everyone's experiences. It's wonderful.
Just found this podcast	"Just found this podcast and working my way through the interviews. 
Absolutely loved the one with Louise."
A must for anyone ensnared by abuse	Wasn’t sure I’d ever feel hope again until tapping into your podcast. Thank you for giving survivors a platform for healing and helping others. Your brilliance and voice is a gift to all of us, Chad.
Tough subject - awesome host	Chad is an incredibly caring, funny and genuinely good human being. More than a host Chad is like a new friend everyone wants.
Saw on a poster in downtown Toronto	So glad I found this - funny and supportive
Feeling Less Alone	I love listening to everyone's stories. They make me feel less alone.
God Bless Chad the Impaler	"This is a MUCH needed podcast. I appreciate you addressing the *survivors* of Narcissism and not just the Narcissists (as much as they would love that..). Thank you for giving us a voice! 

Viva La Narcisstinction!!"
Salvation	This podcast makes me feel less alone in my muddled history with a couple hard-hitting narcissists.  Chad's mission is one we can't ignore...we must band together to fight this awfully cynical army that attempts to poison us all!
It's so helpful, love you Chad!	"I've been following this show for quite a while now but I just got an iPhone so I can rate it!
I started listening to understand my relationship with a narcissistic relative, but now sometimes tune in just because it soothes me and it's great to listen to so many survivor stories and how they're thriving right now.
It's really a great show, and the conversation dynamic puts you right in the middle of this conversation and share a great time. And Chad, you're an amazing host! Sometimes when I'm having a tough day I channel that intro of yours and the floor is now mine too haha."
So happy I found this	Hey there from Germany as well and thank you Chad and Melissa and all the survivors who keep this podcast going! Your stories help me so much figuring out my own survivor Story (which is not easy to figure out bec I grew up with a narcissistic mother and still struggle with simple questions like „is this normal?“). It helps understanding, accepting your story and even own up to it... i‘ve never had a talk with a survivor in Person in my life, but can relate to many of these stories. Thank you guys for sharing- this is so important! And thank you Chad of course for generating a platform that helps and listens!
Yes!	About Germany yeppppp I live here and ufffff hard stuff they are hard as hell well I am happy found this podcast!
Very Helpful	This show is like a refuge space where you hear other stories you can identify with and helps understand what’s happening with you and what to do. I appreciate the creators of the show although the host sounds a bit scripted.
Listening is therapy	"Thank you. This podcast has been the main player in my ongoing understanding and recovery of toxic narcissism. Listening to the weekly stories has helped me process my pain. Stories can be triggering but ultimately the buried emotions I feel are released and overtime I've become freer of the shame I once felt. Listening each week, I’m reassured  I’m not alone. 
(Would like to add, the British royal brother story has helped play a part in reducing my shame - again I feel I’m not alone. Is toxic narcissism a main cause of the rift between the princes? Is this something that could be explored on your show if you, or any of your professional contributors, agree?)
Again, many thanks for your shows."
Lemon and future  faking narc	Lemon’s story was utterly heartbreaking and I’m so glad she now sees the gaslighting. Thank you for sharing your story, Lemon. You’re an inspiration to me
Nice to know you’re not alone	I would really like to share my story of being with a narcissist as these episodes do
Everyone who has experienced narcissism should liste	I have found these podcasts helped me so much, I’ve been listening since Chad started after seeing a post on Instagram. So so glad I found them. To hear everyone’s stories and know what to recognise in a narcissistic relationship has been so beneficial for me. I started out struggling to listen to some because they reminded me of my experiences and now I can listen and feel so happy for the people who got out of those situations. I recommend this to anyone who has been through or is going through a narcissist relationship. It’s not you it’s them!!! Thank you chad. You have helped more than you probably realise.
Helps to listen	I’ve found these podcasts and testimonials so very helpful. The stories of course are heartbreaking.  I hope the tellers know how much disclosing helps people come to terms with their own abuse and that speaking out empowers them in their journey. Thank you Chad!! 🥳
Very Nice	Other narcissist podcasts try to teach, Chad just listens. Love it.
Aseel , Saudi Arabia	"Hello,
My name is Aseel I hope my feedback helps you to keep passionate about your podcast content,
Really I have fall in love with your podcasts,
I have expose to Narcissistic abuse no one could aid me through this phase =( 
No one could understand or explain how I feel Even me!! Can you imagine that,
After I have hear stories in your podcasts it is more clear to me now that my feelings are normal and I have stop torturing me for what I feel deep down even my therapist couldn’t help out actually I gave him your channel to prescribe it for other patients =)
What I can say I am still in love with him after all but now I can see his emotional abuse it is now very clear to me , I wish he can feel my love to him one day.
Your podcasts is useful more than when you read about narcissistic abuse anywhere you know why coz when someone told you about his experience about his feelings about what have happened to him/her it is really helpful like when you get your knowledge from expertise!! 
Even the podcast sound is great it is not noisy or very loud. 
Thank you keep it up please 👍"
Love this Pod!!!	I’m over in Saudi Arabia, and love this pod cast I’ve learned a TON!!!! From Seattle, but have lived here 16 years!!! It’s sooo nice to know I’m not alone!!! Wish we had all the awesome support groups, counseling, etc.. There is no help here at all especially for foreign women!!! But thank you for all the awesome info!!!
Invaluable	No matter how many times we hear this, we still fall. Hearing every beat of this again gives me power to face the gremlins in my own world. And the intel, insight, and EQ to hold myself in that. Love the name of the podcast (totally made me smile) and totally worth passing on. Keep the class up. This helps!
Thank you<3	The podcast has helped me so much. Both to hear other people's stories and what therapists have knowledge of the subject.
Sometimes promote pseudo-science	Interesting podcast. Unfortunately the podcast frequently mention ’Enneagram types’ which is not evidence-based. Would be nice with more knowledge grounded in science.
Brilliant	Brilliant pod about an important subject
Limits	I’ve been playing these podcasts to continue going in my separation. I feel so bad for putting limits but listening to the stories have made me understand that I am not crazy and what I felt and delt with was real!
Very Helpful	My new favorite podcast, listening to these stories makes me feel like I am not alone. Thank you.
Love The Topics	It’s good to see so many people sharing their stories and opening up in order for others to feel inspired to heal.
Love the topics and guests but production quality hard to hear	The episodes are great, but they’re very hard to hear. The mics are very staticky and tinny and it has to be listened to much louder than most. But that’s my only feedback! Very educational especially the Julie Hall ones.
Cam Oct 29th	"Hearing from men who experience narc abuse is so valuable and hopefully stories like this one inspire other men to share. 
As a woman, I find the male perspective extra fascinating and enlightening. 
Thank you for opening up and letting the light in."
Mutual Abuse	Wow…just spent the last 4 hours asking myself if I am the abuser because of the way I have reacted to my abuser.  Wow.  I’m really trying to leave and he has now convinced my family I’m crazy and have all this anger, where when we first met, I was too calm for him.  I’ve questioned my sanity, my worth, and have so much guilt.  Everything I thought I was has been turned upside down.  I’m scared and mad at myself for getting into an abusive relationship AGAIN.  Thank you for this podcast.  I just found it by searching “domestic violence” on my podcast service and I’m so happy I found it.  The relief I felt when I heard I was not alone in being blamed as the abuser by my abuser is more than I could ever describe.  I hope I have the same confidence I feel now when I need to tell them to leave and not come back.  Thank you!
Domestic violence, mental abuse, gaslighting, and manipulation from the narc…	This is a must listen to for anyone involved with or knows someone who is in an abusive relationship! So relatable and helpful! Thank you for doing this show I’m so glad I found it! These are such taboo topic’s sadly. You are blazing the trails for others to be able to address such scary isolating topics. Narcissistic apocalypse brings these real life experiences to the forefront of the podcast world!
Madison’s story	Madison’s story sounds just like my story. I needed this story this week. Thanks for doing this and making me not feel as alone 💕
BRANDON YOU HAVE SAVED MANY	"I’ve been listening to you for a few yrs now. I don’t know how I would have survived my last break up without your podcast. You can only understand what an abusive relationship does to a person if you have in fact been through it. I was never so addicted to a person as I was him. The pain was physical. And mental. I had a nervous breakdown and much more. But story by story, one by one You and your guest have pulled me through it. And of course my Heavenly Father. I still have moments and PTS but I know I’ll be okay now. My prayers to all your guests. And all my best to you Brandon. 

Thank you,
Sonya"
Important Stories That Need an Editor	The true stories of narcissistic abuse are well worth the air time but this podcast needs an editor. I don’t need to hear every single grating detail of the band mates or what they were wearing. Thats the trauma talking, but it dilutes the message.
Host needs to chime in LESS	The interviews are interesting but the host chimes in way too much and likes to drag on the way he talks. He talks so slowly and take over a lot and it’s disruptive to the interviews. Talk less. Focus the conversation on what the interviewee has to say. I hope the host can see these reviews.
Host is annoying	This podcast is interesting but the welcome intro is extremely grating. He hits a pitch that is anything but welcoming. Also speaks so slowly at points, it’s maddening. I want to love the show but can’t!
The guests have poignant stories, but…	"The stories are very relevant and well done. I just wish the moderator didn’t sound like such a game show host at the beginning of the show. It really does come off as a bit degrading. He does do better during the latter parts of the interview, but please change the introduction. 
The survivors testimonies are strong and powerful."
All aroond good work.	Must-listen; if, for no other reason: to hear how the host pronounces the word “against”.
Love this pod cast	Love this podcast it’s so real and so truthful keep up the good work this podcast is so spot on
Courtney and Mr. Center of Attention	I listened to this podcast today and listened to some of your other podcasts.  My heart goes out to spouses and their children who have,  to no fault of their own suffered from the Abuse and Trauma inflicted upon them by this dark, twisted, weak and evil  type of “person”.  They are like a nuclear plant spilling.  They not only destroy their family but destroy the lives of all of those that love and support the victim and victims.  It is simply sick that a person would block a mother from going to her crying child because they insisted on having their needs met first.  She had to have sex with this despicable creep before she could get to her crying child.  We need to continue calling out the Narcissist and the damage they do to their own children and or any other people that they prey on.  And the life long scars their victims are left to carry.   I commend and applaud your guest in this podcast, who demonstrates the courage and dignity to share her story.  And shining light on the dark, lurking sicko narcissist she was married to.  Call it out so someone else can benefit from hearing your story.  Maybe others will learn to spot these creeps (male or female) and run from them sooner than later.  I happen to be a male.  So men and women are in harms way when they get involved with a narcissist.
Point of podcast?	This full guy doesn't provide the people spewing their pain out for views with any support. He just listens and asks probing question. What is the point of this?! Is he licensed to even do this? This is pain porn.
Chip Salad	Once, I was eating a bag of chips, and I reached in, and pulled out a pretzel. It was honestly, the worst thing that ever happened to me. Five stars!
Healing content, but annoying host	Very helpful and healing stories shared here, on such an important topic of narcissism. Content is top notch. My only complaint is that the host Brandon is too chatty. He needs to step back and let the guests finish their sentences. I hear more of Brandon than seems necessary; this should be guests’ time to speak, in their own way, without the host cutting in on them.
Healing	Thank you for creating this show.
Zoom out view	It's so incredibly helpful to hear in the victim's own voice.  So much clarity hearing such obviously blatant abuse to other women, and how hard they worked and how deeply they loved.  It's all so clear when it's happening to someone else.
Financial Abuse/Emotional Abuse in long term marriage.	"I really don’t think I have the energy to go too far back at this time.  It makes me so sad and angry to look back on our long marriage and identify every micro-aggression my husband used to rip me and my two kids away from my family & my support in Texas.  This was 4 years into our marriage and my second child was only 6 months old.  We never spoke about moving away.  Ever.  I resisted moving anywhere for so long until he came home and announced that he had been offered a good job, a General Manager, in Chicago!!  I hindsight, I feel so naive & stupid!! We moved to Chicago and I decided to make the best of our life and marriage and accept that I would take care of the kids and let him do what he needed to in his career.  We always had joint accounts but we had little in them because the house we sold in Texas to a buyer NEVER made a mortgage payment!!  The bank for closed in our house!!  

From Chicago, we moved to Toronto, & 4 years later and 2 more kids, we went to Kansas City, MO for 5 years.
I can’t continue now but fast forward 21 years and he symphoned all our retirement and our house, the childrens life insurance policies from us all for his business.  I have forged signatures and all of the fraud he committed up until the time I confronted him in 2016!  Not feeling that he owed me anything, he leaves me and divorces me!  In the meantime, I was left alone as a basket case unable to function & he took control of the narrative with my grown children and his family!!  
That was seven years ago and I am alone in a crummy apartment and out of a job again because I never was able to go to school for a degree.  I am almost 60 years old & though I have healed significantly over the last few years, I find myself questioning what is the point of living when I don’t know if I’ll be homeless at anytime.  I have a deep faith and I wouldn’t be here without God’s grace but I am so tied & lonely.  
Thank you, Erica, for writing your book!!  God Bless you and your family!!  I wish I could have had this information when I realized the monster I married!!"
Thank you	I appreciate all of you sharing your stories. Thanks Brandon for this show. This is an important podcast and if I had known all this years before I met my abuser I would have known to get away much quicker than I did.
Life-Changing	This podcast taught me too much to describe in this review, but the bottom line is that it made me see two Life-changing facts: 1. I’m not crazy or alone, and 2., that I needed to seek professional help. Thank you SO much, Brandon. Thank you.
Life changing Podcast Ever	This podcast has helped me immensely. Hearing people's stories has validated everything i've gone through. A true life saver and I can't thank every guest enough.
Hands-Down, an ESSENTIAL	"This podcast is a gamechanger. You will find yourself not doubting if you made the right decision in your own
tale. For survivors sharing theirs here will resonate in a way like none other. This podcast has taught me so so so much in such a little time. I keep it playing and I don’t feel so alone or isolated. It’s real. It’s raw. Unfiltered. Yet professional and personal. Educational and equipping. Bravo, Brandon! Thanks for doing work that matters. Life-changing. This community is that…it’s hardly “just” a podcast. It’s a lifeline. I’m so grateful."
I love this podcast :)	My friend recommended that I listen to this show and it's changed my life. A lot of tears but good ones. I'm grieving, but i'm also healing. One day I hope to be a guest myself. The best.
Best Podcast Ever	I think I've listened to every episode twice. I go back to it every time I need to know that I wasn't crazy. These things happened to me too.
Extremely helpful resource!	I am so grateful this podcast exists. It was a very important reminder of how bad things can get when I was in an addictive cycle with a toxic relationship. It helped ground me when I felt that confusing disorientation of manipulation, and it helped me get out and stay out even when I felt weak. Thanks for all that you do Chad!
Cultural gaslighting	I keep coming back to this podcast because to some degree it makes me feel less alone in my abuse. And I appreciate it when it does that. However this is not entirely due to the host. This guy seems to project gender, age, and all sorts of other rules onto NPD abuse. Nowhere does it say he has any professional education on narc abuse. Sometimes I wonder how much experience he actually has with narc abuse. Was it only from a relationship? Was it only covert? There are some maybe not many people out here that suffered multifaceted abuse from a primary narc nest. This podcast may gaslight me but I have enough people in my life who validate the emotionally incestuous pathologically lying “if I can’t have you then no one can” abuse from my parents AND one of my younger siblings (who also came out as lesbian in adulthood after using me and accusing me of being a lesbian - her shield). It’s not like movies such as atonement don’t exist but cultural gaslighting does exist, and it exists on this podcast.
Greatful for platform!	I'm so thankful for this show, the courage of the survivors that share, for Chad's hardwork and dedication and passion to keep this platform available!  I have learned so much, ways to identify and understand what I have been through with my mother and how that has led me into abusive relationships.  I just cant express how much I have learned and grown, thank you!
Consistently Excellent and Respectful	Been listening to this show and participating in the group for a couple years now. It’s a great community, but the show itself is just so solid. I love the interviewer’s thoughtful questions and the variety in stories. Very healing. Not blown up and pathologizing of abusers or victims, just feels real.
What’s up with the host?	Why does it always sound like the host is distracted with reading an unrelated text?
Necessary to play at higher speeds	The host speaks at such a slow pace you’ll go insane unless you speed up the podcast.
Highest quality Narcissism podcast out there IMO	"I have listened to several podcasts about narcissism, as I try to learn about it and while I have learned a lot from several of them out there- this one is the best, in my opinion.
I appreciate the stories that the guests share, as I always learn something, despite how sad it is to hear the terrible things people go through when dealing with a narcissist.
The show is really valuable and I appreciate the time and energy that is put into it."
This🤍	I’m super obsessed with this podcast! Brandon your an excellent interviewer. Listening to this podcast has helped me heal from my narc husband more than you’ll ever know. Thank you for doing what you do! Please don’t ever stop podcasting!
I never knew I needed this!	I’ve been struggling to understand why I’ve always felt so upset and traumatized by the narc in my life. When I try to tell people about the situation, it doesn’t make much sense. I feel like I’ve found my people! As I listen to this podcast, I feel myself nodding and agreeing, or swearing right out loud! I cringe sometimes as I can sense what’s going to happen next. I really love this show and have been binge listening to it. This show reminds me not to get sucked in again by the “good times”.
Best Narcissist App	"This is my favorite podcast on this topic. And I listen to many!! Chad is an amazing host. He gives people a platform to tell their personal experience with narcissistic abuse.
It is very real and not scripted like other shows. Listening to other people’s stories has helped me tremendously."
A few great episodes, but overall, frustrating and meandering	There have been a few excellent episodes of the show with truly compelling stories of narcissistic abuse. I appreciate the fact that it is very unscripted and the guests recount their stories in a natural manner. However, the problem is that often, they repeat themselves or just go around in circles, somewhat aimlessly. In this regard, the show definitely needs to be better edited to get to the point. In addition, Chad frequently shares “insights“ that are not necessarily accurate or relevant. Finally, his habit of constantly using the expression “this person“ or “they” (not once has the gender of the person been in question or unclear!!!) to refer to characters in his guests’ stories drives me absolutely crazy. I have also noticed that the guests are starting to subconsciously mimic him in this regard. I had to stop one episode after hearing the phrase “this person“ from both Chad and his guest repeated incessantly. If we know that “this person“ is a man, for instance, why can’t he just say “he“ or “your partner/husband“ etc?
So appreciate this resource but Ruth M Glenn came across condescending	"Very excited you have this show based on coming to terms with my own situation. Thanks so much <3
In 1st Heard Depp podcast, was disappointed that there were no concrete takeaways except fo to the website. You were clear on importance of minimizing bias, but your guest doesn’t seem to see the forest through the trees. 10k foot view is good but 10 ft view can be just as illuminating.
Mostly, I felt very insulted during that episode based on huge, unsupported assumptions. Many concluded Depp is the victim, but anger at Heard stems from a number of lies and perpetrating harm similar to patterns exhibited in her other close relationships. Everyone has right to own opinion, but it was offensive to describe those disagreeing as simple minded “fans,” who don’t do any research, succumb to any insuation on the most toxic social media sites, and then waste valuable time viciously attacking Heard for her abhorrent behavior. Many of us are professionals, with 4 yr and graduate degrees, or are thoughtful and critically minded, drawing from our own and our peers’ experiences of abuse. I constantly hear from others that they spent time watching the entire trial, reviewing court documents, seeking out legal, psychology, & DEI expert input and read about resources and scientific publications (in high impact journals…where you can learn the actual stats) vs. a community expert with narrow POV offering vague, elusive, and repetitive responses like we need to learn the dynamics of DV without ever defining or exemplifying what she means by dynamics to which we are all ignorant.
Most of us are not mindless lemmings and have never opened a tik-tok or twitter acct because we get that these are not forums for education and empowerment. The idea that people are so easily manipulated by social media is based on anecdotes and rhetoric-even latest report was very light qualitative analysis highly prone to bias. I would like to think we learn from our situations, developing confidence and resilience that attunes us to signals of untrustworthiness. We are NOT moronic or lazy, and as your audience for this episode, would appreciate treating listeners and the host with more respect, especially in terms of what YOU think we are able to understand and what we are capable of handling."
MARIE	Marie’s story was so so chilling. The calmness and the planning that went into his manipulations. Marie is a phenomenal story teller. Even when she gets a bit discombobulated, you’re there with her, because you needed a break as well. She’s brilliant, yet fell for this. I want to give her huge props for being so patient throughout the whole ordeal. I would have snapped and by snapped I mean like the podcast snapped. Lolol. But Marie is calm, and exits slowly and gracefully.
Great podcast with a questionable guest	If you have been traumatized by a negative experience with police, I highly suggest SKIPPING the episode on 6/2/2022 as the guest explicitly states that victims that call police on their abusers should “just comply” with the responding cop. Wish she could have understood that that is backhanded victim blaming.
12345678910 STARS	"A must podcast to subscribe to. This is so educational and informative to everyone.
“Chad” is frickin awesome with his sweet sweet voice that has a calming affect given the harsh and horrific personal stories his guests share with us.
We ALL know someone who are in an abusive relationship and feel helpless. NAP expose all aspects a dv. 
If you are in an abusive relationship please listen to this podcast. It will help you do what’s in YOUR best interests and safety.

The experts on here are all SO helpful!
Chad is the best! He goes above and beyond. 
We need more men like Chad. He does not judge. 
One more thing: he explores narc parents and the affects it has on children brought up in these crazy households."
Johnny and Amber	I could not disagree more. One cannot discount the abuser or victim’s background simply by saying they need to grow up and take responsibility for their actions. It is absolutely a learned behavior. At some point do they know they did wrong, yes. But it’s like not scratching a mosquito bite. The person must retain that portion of the brain that has learned that behavior. Every case is different and must be treated accordingly. You are giving too much credit to the abuser.
So insightful	Had the opportunity to speak with the host. We had a great conversation about the issues discussed in their show. I recommend this to any abuse survivors or anyone who is looking to understand the complexities that come with dealing with narcissistic relationships & people
My favorite!!	This is by far my favorite podcast. I have listened to every single episode. It is so comforting knowing there are other people out there that have dealt with this kind of abuse not that I wish this on anyone. This podcast is my therapy. Thank you to everyone who has shared their story. One day I hope I can too. Thank you.
A form of therapy	This podcast is my therapy any time I start spiraling down the rabbit hole and missing my narcissistic ex-husband. It’s a reminder that these patterns of behavior aren’t unique, it’s a very real personality disorder that is predictable and dangerous. Remember that the narcissist knows how to portray a normal, healthy person on the surface. Thank you, Brandon, for this gift of a podcast.
Finally a podcast I can relate to	Glad there’s a podcast that gives a voice to the victims and survivors of narcissistic abuse!!!
I had no idea...	...that I was deep in an abusive relationship with a narcissist! But once I did all the balls clicked into place and podcasts like this have helped immeasurably. Thank you Brandon & everyone featured and sharing their stories.
Railroading/interruption	Great show! I could, however, do without the host interrupting and railroading the guests, so much. I find it annoying having to listen to the host tell guests how to tell their story/ putting words in their mouths. Fall back, a bit, Chad
Great information bad audio quality	Information on his podcast is great but a lot of times the audio quality is very bad very hard to listen to unfortunately because of it.
Helping me heal	This has become my favorite podcast to listen to about narcissistic relationships of all kinds. I am almost 5 months out of my abusive situation and listening to these stories as well as the insight from Brandon, the victims that are speaking out and the special guests is helping my healing process a great deal not only from my recent relationship but really my whole life. I hope one day to share my story. Thank you Brandon! Thank you to all of you willing to share your story to help others like me!
Changing lives	This podcast was a godsend for me after my toxic relationship with a narcissistic person.  I love podcasts as entertainment but this is different as Chad is helping people through this medium.  Also his community for survivors is amazing!
Amazing Support System for victims of Narcissist Abuse.	Chad (i’m going to call him Chad because his friends call him Chad...) has created an amazing combination of Pod cast and support network. The combination of Survivor Stories on Mondays, Information episodes on Fridays, and a website with support networking resources.... Chad is a brilliant man helping so many people.
Highly Recommend This Podcast	I listed to this podcast incessantly after learning my mother is an abusive narcissist. I learned an invaluable amount of information from listening to survivor stories and some of the Q & A episodes with experts and others who consider themselves specialists. The podcast and support community have really been integral to my abuse recovery.
Incredible Podcast	This is an incredible Podcast! Guest are very compelling & professional Guests are very informative! Recommend this podcast for anyone trying to learn about Narcissism and/or cycles and patterns of abuse.  This podcast also offers numerous resources for listeners.  Highly recommend.
Mind blowing	"This is a survivor story podcast with Q & A’s from
Leading people in the field. It saved my life."
Grateful	I have listened to every episode. It has been the most helpful resource I have found so far- just to be able to relate to people.
Cathartic and validating - it’s like group therapy without the metal chairs	Thank you Impaler
This is one of the best Narc shows	"This was one of the first shows I found when I first realized I was dealing with a narcissist,  and the show gets the most real insight because it has real stories - not just somebody’s opinion telling me over and over what to do but no inspiration- you'll find that here. 
Thanks so much for this content!"
Someone understands me!	I love listening to these podcasts because during my time with my Narc I had trouble sorting through his possible intentions and my possible feelings. Listening to others story not only makes me feel like I’m not alone but it also gives me words to things that I had trouble grasping. And because I can now put my fingers on my feelings I am starting to have healing and I’m getting a little chuckle out of some of my behavior which before I used to beat myself up.
Excellent format and so needed	As a survivor of narcissistic abuse (just barely out of the situation that was so crushing and devastating), I’m literally subsisting on these in-depth, long format episodes to get through and hear the details of so many situations that mirror mine. I had no idea what was happening to me. I feel so grateful to find this podcast. Brandon is an excellent interviewer, and now that I’m also in the support group he runs, I feel very fortunate to have found this community.
So validating	While it is absolutely horrible that so many people go through this, it’s very validating for those of us with this experience to hear other peoples stories. Thank you for helping to tell them.
Seriously thank you	Jaws ex is like the guy I’m currently trying to leave. Paranoia and off the wall accusations. So relatable.
Excellent!!!	Now that I’m healing, I love this podcast!  At first it was overwhelming but my wounds were too fresh.  Once I realized how similar our stories are, it became educational instead of painful.  Our stories have so many similarities but most important, we should no longer feel so alone after tuning  in.  Thank you!
Absolutely fantastic!	This podcast has truly been life changing for me.  I found this podcast nearly a year ago after leaving an abusive relationship and I listened every single day for months until I heard every available episode.  It's that compelling and that good.  I had been researching narcissism and narcissistic abuse for nearly 5 years and nothing came close to illustrating the toxicity of these relationships. This podcast feels  like a beacon of light in a very dark place. As a psychologist, I thought I had a decent understanding of narcissism and abuse dynamics, but after discovering I had survived a narcissistic relationship myself, I realized how insidious this abuse reallly is.  The survivors' stories on this podcast detail the nuances of manipulation within the narcissistic abuse dynamic and, for the first time, I felt completely understood - again and again as I listen I feel validated because I relate so much to the stories the survivors courageously share. Brandon does a phenomenal job giving the survivors space to share their stories with very little interruption.  When he does interject, his questions are thoughtful and on point and he exudes understanding, compassion and support.  He offers support off the podcast, as well, by graciously giving of his time to facilitate support groups for survivors.  Listening to ths podcast has been very healing for me personally and has led me to feel better equipped professionally to help those who have endured this form of abuse.  The impact of the work being done on this podcast to shed light on a critically important topic cannot be overstated.  I am beyond grateful to have found this podcast and believe anyone, whether having survived such a relationship or not will benefit from listening. A+
This is from Brenda Newton	"Chad is amazing at helping the victim feel comfortable telling their stories. He is slow at interjecting which I appreciate. The only time he slows the dialogue down is to point out red flags or other helpful reflections to help the listeners and the victim see patterns. The empathy he shows his guests and how comfortable he makes them is impressive. He also finish's up with ""repowering"" the guest after they have just spilled out their guts. Diffidently a no judgement zone. Which is hard because they are admitting to mistakes and mostly naiveness that predators are out there. Great podcast. 

Riply mentioned a book she had and read and you seemed to be familiar with it. Can you share the title ? I had a hard time hearing the name and author."
Willow	I’m a psychologist and this story is not about narcissism. This is a story about a woman who made a LOT of bad choices and ignored a LOT of red flags and unfortunately got a LOT of airtime on this podcast.
Omg!  Finally a podcast that “gets it”	There are many helpful podcasts about narcissism.  However, the majority of them offer advice and are missing real live stories from survivors of narcissistic abuse.   Although the advice is relatable - the stories are relatable, relevant and REAL.   Real survivors are given an opportunity to share their narrative from an unconditional, non-judgmental platform.  Their stories hit home.  Once I started listening - I was hooked.  Their stories are my story.  Thanks Chad for bringing a podcast that finally “gets it.”
I’m not alone	Thank you for this podcast and the stories that are sometimes hard to tell. After 11 years of marriage, I finally learned last year what a narcissist was and I definitely had one. I have listened to my first podcast this morning and repeatedly said “Yes!!  That’s happened to me too!”  In the process of divorcing and I’ve already started the healing process. It’ll be a long slow road, but the abuse stops now!  I am strong and I am worth every bit!
Sharing is caring	Dealing with a narcissist is super isolating and insulating. Thankful there are podcasts like this to connect survivors with support and an opportunity to share what has been suffered in silence. It is freeing and healing to share in a safe and non-exposing way. I heard a quote that I love that says “if we heal loudly, we save others from suffering quietly.”
Favorite podcast	"This podcast is honestly just so amazing. Each person that shares their story is so honest and raw. I’m so happy I found this podcast... knowing I’m not alone is something that means so much to me. 

If you are a victim, or survivor of any type of abuse, listen to this podcast. Pick any episode and just listen. The bravery. The honesty. It’s amazing, and so helpful to me as I enter in my own healing journey. 

Thank you to the owner of this podcast for giving all of us abuse victims, a platform to share our truth. Forever grateful!"
This is me!	"Rain’s story is MY STORY!  I’m blown away that there is somebody else out there that has loved a very similar life to mine.  I wish there was an opportunity to connect with Rain.  Thank you for sharing!
~Angela"
I'm sorry but.....	"First, I truly believe that narcissist exists and that they cause those who love them tremendous pain and suffering (particularly the ones who put hands on you).  I get it.  I also believe that sharing your story is invaluable as it helps the speaker and the listener in the hearing process. But , I see absolutely no value in letting someone speak for more than an hour and not once take ownership of their choices. I've just spent the past hour engaged in the speakers "" trauma bonding"" without the benefit of self reflection or true personal insight.  The experience for me was like listening to an alcoholic sharing at an AA meeting about the true horror's of alcoholism -the degradation,the humiliation, the loss of dignity and self-respect the bottle has  caused and then turn around and ""blame it on the alcohol""  In the telling of the Spiritual Abuser,  it is very clear that she has a great deal of work to do, and, unless this is just a platform to binge and vent, some effort on the hosts part to probe (gently)  a little deeper issues self worth and the difference between something being ""done""  to you and just bad choices might prove more beneficial-for all of us. The concern I have about this platform is that It can provide another outlet for the victim of abuse to keep the narc alive and to attract a whole new set of ears to trauma bond with - to be sure everyone in their circle has heard their story over and over again.  I also think that sometimes labeling someone ""anything"" let's the other person off the hook.  In the end, we are only hearing one side of the situation.  Again, I'm sorry if this post seems insensitive.  But to recover from pain and trauma one must accept their part and to completely eliminate from their vocabulary, words like ""he made me"" and  ""i don't know why I "" Once this is possible then the healing will begin.  Oh and get some counseling."
My favorite podcast!!	This podcast has truly helped me realize that I’m not alone and has helped me better understand what happened to me in my own past narcissistic relationships. Definitely would suggest this to anyone feeling misunderstood.
Helps overcome toxic relationships	I think that if you’ve ever been in a toxic relationship, hearing others stories and background is key in the healing process.
Unique and invaluable	This podcast is a great way to hear first hand the effects of a relationship with a narcissist or someone who has traits. A survivor feels confused and alone. It’s great to get not only confirmation from the stories but to get support through the Patreon group. Chad is truly a caring person who puts a lot of heart and hard work into a platform of healing for strangers he makes friends. I’m so thankful for this resource and the connections I’ve made.
Saving my life- literally	I found this podcast during my journey of research trying to understand my husband better. Brandon and all of these amazing stories have been the driving strength I needed to leave. 15 years of a slow fade and verbal abuse but I am 3 months gone (ish) - we have a son so it’s hard- but I am doing it! Thank you Brandon! Thank you to every survivor for sharing- and helping so many- especially me. I will be forever grateful
Grateful	I have been listening to this podcast for a couple months now, just about every single day steadily - listening to the stories. I am a survivor myself and recently gained courage to share my story as well. The podcast helps people to understand that these things are the effect of a mental disorder, that what happened to you is not your fault, and that you’re not crazy - and you’re not alone. In the midst of it all it feels embarrassing and shameful and .... lonely. You might even feel crazy. I did. Now that I’ve shared my story and listened to so many others and somehow resonated with each one although different - I don’t feel alone, I don’t feel crazy, and I feel empowered to live MY life: something I never used to truly believe was worth anything, or even possible.
Good concept, interesting content, but the hosting is a bit problematic	I love that abuse survivors have a platform to share their story. The host is kind and non-judgamental, which is great, but his inputs seem to be too frequent and leading. In my opinion, the questions that he asks his guests are full of confirmation bias. He seems to ask very specific questions hoping for answers that support his understanding of narcissism. He seems to try to manipulate and curate the story to fit the confines of the cycle of narcissistic abuse as he knows it (love bombing, devaluation and discard). I find this to be problematic as some of his guests may feel pressured to agree with his suggestions, especially if they are people pleasers. Also, any abuse victim whose situation does not fit in this rigid definition of narcissistic abuse, may not get the help they need and seek from this podcast.
Grateful for this podcast	I’ve learned so much from all the brave and inspiring stories!
Thank you!!	Just want to say I appreciate Narcissist Apocalypse it helped me realize I was with a narcissist helped to leave a toxic relationship!!!
Love, love	This podcast has helped me to go no contact with a man that I was with for 24 years.   We never lived together.   He tried to push me into it but there was always something holding me back.
From the eyes of a mother	I am the mother of a daughter that suffered in the hands of a narcissistic husband. The despair that I felt watching the changes in my daughter were gut wrenching. Narcissism affects the entire family. Listening to your podcast has helped me understand the depth of what she endured. It breaks my heart to know how she was affected by this monster who imprinted on her for 8 years. This podcast has brought more clarity than any book that I have read on the subject. Thank you!
Very helpful!	I am learning so much from the stories. The survivors are very inspiring. Thx
Much needed	What a great podcast!  I’m glad people are talking about this, if it helps someone not go thru what I did then it’s worth it, I would be happy to share my story on one of your episodes!
Mind blown	This podcast came to me via recommendation from the murderino group on Facebook...I find myself shaking my head and finishing the sentences of the survivors before they do. Listening to these stories has been healing and a little bit triggering, but it makes me happy that people are talking about this.
This is the real deal!	This podcast will help you find some much perspective because there’s so many different stories that one of them is bound to be the right fit for your situation - it also can stand as cautionary tales of what can happen if you stay. I’ve truly enjoyed hearing so many people be so brave and share their experiences and bonus, chad is a gracious and kind hearted host. He knows exactly what to ask and is just a super easy going guy.... perfect for dealing with people who have suffered the wrath of narcissistic abuse. Wonderful show!!!
Summer could be me	Summer, if you read this I love you! I feel like you are telling my story only mine is even more embarrassing with the things he got me to do and with who. It’s so degrading and awful. Thank you for telling your story. I feel less alone.
Leyla/ Police Officer & Domestic Violence	"Hi Chad! Thanks for this amazing podcast. Very helpful. I am wondering if there is a way for me to get into contact with Leyla? I am literally right in the middle of a very similar situation with my PO abusive husband. 
I’m also infuriated seeing what is happening within law enforcement and domestic violence. I am working on a project for justice. Would love to talk to her if she is interested. 
Thank you!! 
Laura"
the only podcast you need!	I was struggling with validation & understanding what I had been going through; fortunately, I found this podcast. There are TONS of episodes, topics, and guests (survivors and experts).  Chad is an awesome host & ensures you feel a bit more knowledgeable at the end of each episode. If you’re looking for more information or are just diving into truly understanding NPD/traits, you need to listen to Narcissistic Apocalypse!!
5/5	The best narcissist awareness type of podcast out there!
Bruce’s episode. May 3	"I listen to many abuse podcasts and many episodes of this podcast and all I kept doing during this one, was nodding my head and FULLY connecting and remembering that what Bruce described happened to me almost exactly!!!!I haven’t even finished listening, but i HAD to write. It was as though I was listening to someone who had taken a course in narcissistic abuse, which he technically did, but he had no
Idea! This episode is a huge trigger for me, but to hear his experiences so well described with all the “correct” terminology just confirms-yet again-that I am not the only one out there, that I wasn’t going crazy and that what happened to me was abuse, in the highest degree. Chad, thank you SO much for this podcast and for the episode with Bruce. I hope he reads this review. Thank you both so much!!"
I am have a delay reaction	I am 7 months in with (no contact) . I told myself my Narc (Ex-boyfriend) had died . I just pushed it out of my mind. I made myself as busy as possible. But now that I am on lockdown with COVID. I am just started to feel or deal with my unbelievable fake relationship . I am learning so much from this podcast
.	I have been feeling sick to my stomach and am so blessed there is a community to reach out to while going through this trauma. Thank you everyone sharing the most vulnerable times of your journey.
Insightful and wonderful podcast!	I love Chad and I appreciate this podcast so much. I found it on Instagram and it helps me connect with other survivors and validates my horrible experiences. The “letters to my narcissist” episodes are particularly powerful! Thank you Chad and all the warriors who have participated in this show!
Great podcast for narc abuse!	I thought I was alone until I heard other guests talk about their narc mothers! It helps so much w dealing w family who do not agree w your decision to cut off narc.
My New Favorite	So inspiring and encouraging to hear others’ stories! I can’t wait for each new episode to drop every Sunday.
So amazing and helpful!	Bring a narc abuse survivor myself, I could so relate to these stories. They definitely made me feel less alone. Keep up the great work! Hugs to us all. We are stronger than we know. God bless.
Eye-opening	"This podcast has given me the clarity I needed to move forward. 
If you’ve experienced any kind of narcissistic abuse, please listen. I promise you’ll stop feeling so alone."
Episode with Alex - Same story for me	"Alex’s episode was so eerily similar to my story and what I am going through that I was both shocked and relieved. To not be alone as a male victim and to hear his story greatly has helped me. 

Jason"
Chad and Jaws	"What am I listening to ???? Ok so , I started listening to this podcast a while ago , I’m a survivor of a narcissist of many years , I like learning about this to find out the ins and outs of this monster I lived with and why I let it go on for so long . I was hopeful to listen and enjoy this podcast but Chad what’s up ?!?! The concept is a good one but the depth is not worthy. 
I just wasted over an hour listening to your sob story ( with JAWS?!?) which can I tell you ? she may be a good friend but to us listeners she seriously hasn’t got a stick to stand on with your podcast, I’ve heard her on other episodes as well ,BLAH BLAH BLAH , on January 13th episode, I was sure this would be the last one , it was all about your neighbors who wanted to sue you and your personal problems?!?! Believe me there’s plenty of those podcast but what happened to  the “”Narcissist””???  either you need to call this podcast “Chads world “ or get more help making this worthwhile to all of us listeners who Definatly don’t want to hear your personal problems!!!!!"
A great tool for recovery	This is a great podcast for a reflective experience on your journey. Each story is beautifully told. A great resource for a community and an amazing platform to connect with others.
Helping Me Leave	"**I left. Thank you to everyone in this community. 

This has been life changing for me. I’m a woman currently married to another female “narcissist.” 
Narcissism doesn’t discriminate.

A life of competition, entitlement, projection, gas lighting....being silenced and worn down by abuse (emotional and physical) in the most intricate of forms. 

Thank you to Chad! You are doing something so important, and I have personally heard things in this pod cast that I will carry with me for the rest of my journey through leaving my narcissistic wife and healing."
Married to a narc	I thought I was losing my mind, I began disliking myself and finding faults in my friends. I’m so glad I found this podcast. I can relate to the stories and now I know it’s not me that’s crazy.
Great Podcast	Hearing the actual voices in their own words describing and sharing life experiences of narcissistic abuse has been so cathartic. It is real, relatable and not clinical.
Wonderful show	I really have enjoyed the show, living with a narcissist as well.  However, the new formatting of putting people’s stories into “acts” I feel is distasteful and leaves me unsettled.  It’s terminology that distracts from the seriousness of the issues and just reminds me over all of how much narcissist’s act on over all.  Please take it out of the show, it just seems like it’s a cute thing to do for a more casual show.
This podcast was exactly what I needed...	I had no idea until I found this podcast, but it was exactly what I needed. “Need” is a strong word, but it’s no exaggeration in this context. I spent years feeling incredibly confused and lost, and then the moment I started listening to this podcast and the stories the guests shared, something switched back on in me. The stories sounded so familiar, and I finally found out what to call what happened to me. There’s nothing quite like that, especially when you go on for some time wondering if anyone could understand what you’ve been through. I’m incredibly thankful for this show, the amazing people featured on it, and for the host for being able to provide a platform as organized and sincere as this one. It’s the best thing I found in 2019, and just in time.
great community	I came upon this podcast after dreaming that I was looking up podcasts about narcissists. I was looking for validation of my hunch, and it turns out I was (unfortunately) right. I really love hearing inspiring stories of how people leave their abusers, and that healing is possible. I feel stronger with every episode I listen to, and I’m so glad I broke free of the narc in my life.
Must Listen!	I am absolutely LOVING this podcast! I was searching for podcasts related to narcissistic abuse, but I stopped looking once I found this one. The interviews with real survivors has opened my eyes to so much. They are inspiring, heartbreaking, validating, and educational. I have already had several AHA moments, taken notes, laughed, and cried. I am so appreciative of Chad and the guests on his show who are willing to share their stories. Surviving this sort of insidious abuse is so difficult, but this podcast has already given me a lot of hope. THANK YOU!!!
Healing	This podcast is fabulous. The real-life stories have helped me realize how unhealthy my old relationship actually was, which has helped with the healing process. I highly recommend this podcast.
Lifeline	This podcast has been so helpful and supportive during my marriage with a narcissist. The emotional and physical abuse has been so confusing and emotionally exhausting. Thank you for all your work. It’s been a lifeline.
Very helpful	Chad has put together a very helpful podcast. Thanks for believing us Chad.
Love this	I love this podcast. It has truly been helping me heal. Thank you so much!
Very dull. No storytelling quality	I heard about this podcast on Dopey n thought I’d try it. I have tried to listen to Annie Episode 3 times now n I just can’t finish it.  She is an awful rambling storyteller n the host just lets her run like a therapy session. A podcast is an audio story n the host needs to know how to get someone to tell that story right. I am jot an addict but have listened to every episode of Dopey bc it’s do interesting. I wanted to learn about Narcissism more but I can’t bear to listen to Annie’s granular detail of every single day of her relationship. I have to unsubscribe.
Love the podcasts!	I love that others are helping themselves to heal here, as well as help others who have been through something similar. Chad is VERY down to earth, and is helping educate others and help in the road to recovery for so many!
I can’t get enough of these stories!	I listen to these podcasts at bedtime. I find that it brings me comfort to listen to others who have gone through similar things as I have. Chad becomes that familiar friend over the radio. Thanks to all the women who share their story and thanks Chad for doing your part to let us get our stories out there. This brings awareness to the kind of monsters that walk among us disguised as charming heroes until the love bombing stops and the mask falls off.
Excellent podcast for narcissistic abuse survivors!	I’m so excited this podcast exists. It’s so helpful knowing these other stories exist in the world. Your guests are so brave to share their stories. Thank you.
Best Podcast for Recovery	Chad is a great host.  You have helped me tremendously.  I’m very grateful to the abuse survivors who have courageously recounted their stories.
Politics!  Why?!	Pretty good show, until he starts into his diatribes about Donald Trump.  Why do people have to make everything about politics?  So exhausting.
Love the show	More narcissist abuse survivor stories please! Love the show and when Melissa is on too.
Great podcast	Chad had a great sense of humor about some painful things. Anti-Narcissists unite!
Must listen!!	Great dose of humor & valuable information! I love Chad’s take on narcissists, I’m in full binge mode right now! Must-listen if you have any experience with a narcissist or healing from narcissistic abuse.
Amazing Podcast	I love listening to Chad and his stories. Really opened my eyes up to some seriously sick people. Great listen!!
Surviving A Narcissist	"This podcast took me on an emotional roller coaster. I was in a long term relationship with someone who did similar things and at the time I had no clue what a Narcissist was. I was constantly being manipulated and forced to stay in the relationship. My mate would always threaten to self harm and do all types of things.

I am glad to hear that you were able to get help for your brother. I know that was extremely difficult and the guilt trip that comes along with it from your brother is extremely overwhelming. 

I am glad that you took the time to create this podcast. This is very much needed. This lets the rest of us know that we aren’t alone and we aren’t “crazy” for no longer wanting to deal with our family/mates “shenanigans” and “tantrums”.

I have a friend that is currently going through a similar situation with her parent and I am going to share your podcast with her. 

I appreciate you for taking the time to tell your story and I look forward to future episodes."
